go
co.
now
4 x 4
No el
The 37's
4th Grade
Rm w/a Vu
Not ever.
reddwarf.
they kiss.
They kiss.
Vis `a Vis
99th Ranger
he refuses.
Date, 1930s
Ted and co.
live-girls.
Abu el Banat
Antony &amp.
and, Janice.
Or will she?
Coup de Grace
Date, unknown
Sein und Zeit
she says yes.
Chloe returns.
Part 1 of two.
Ross gets one.
horribly rude.
Crate 'n Burial
A massive bomb.
Death 'n Denial
Rachel doesn't.
M'enage `a Troi
Nothing at all.
his big secret,
18th and Potomac
Zoey is rescued.
he leaves again.
Deadly androids.
Joey's mistakes.
Rachel is angry.
a nude polaroid.
Murder a la Mode
As a result, Col.
They're all dead.
Diamonds 'n' Dust
Ross must decide.
Joey digs a hole.
and the triplets.
Jake visits Doug.
he later gets it.
He is homosexual.
The 28th century.
Rachel goes long.
Date, 44th Century
Date, 51st century
The plot thickens.
Earth, the future.
Flight into Terror
London, the 1890s.
Ross arrives home.
Horrible tortures.
Or so it may seem,
The planet Traken.
The guy is Chachi.
England, the 1820s.
Journey into Terror
Chen has a stalker.
He almost makes it.
Then she dumps him.
Some 38th Parallels
The California 47th
She doesn't accept.
The planet Chloris.
, First of two parts
Phoebe drinks a lot.
Howard's 45th Fiasco
It's 1930s New York.
Chandler's mistakes.
he really likes her.
Rachel won't gossip.
Monica always loses.
Chen misses her son.
His name is Malcolm,
My Future Self n' Me
Skinny According to,
The Last One, part 1
The Last One, part 2
A War for all Seasons
, Second of two parts
Mallory asks Sam out.
Carter decides to go.
Ross and Susan fight.
He blames his mother.
Benton asks Cleo out.
Mark asks Rachel out.
he loses, repeatedly.
Well, you never know,
Joey has an audition.
Romano fires Legaspi.
Gail has an incident.
Phoebe tries to knit.
One is dead, Alfonzo.
Two versions will air.
Date, The 42nd century
she is 22 weeks along.
Gabrielle&#039. s Hope
Give 'em Hell, Hawkeye
This amuses everybody.
Donna returns to work.
Can anyone be trusted?
One night, four cases.
Erica goes into labor.
Monica wants one, too.
Ross pines for Rachel.
Ross tries to move on.
Two versions will air.
Coop flirts with Chen.
the staff plays poker.
Ross gets an ear-ring.
Ainsley gets promoted.
What is, Cliff Clavin?
The people are scared.
4th Anniversary Special
Abby and Luka break up.
Susan has a blind date.
And he has inside help,
Baby, it's Cold Outside
Mark buys a motorcycle.
Ruby was not impressed.
Doc Magoo's burns down.
Date, December 3rd 1926
Ross misses the flight.
Earth, the near future.
Toby gets back at Josh.
Flight through Eternity
Kathy is very grateful.
Ugly Naked Guy is back.
things get competitive.
Benton rides Gant hard.
Rachel tells the story.
She doesn't do so well.
Rachel wears a big hat.
She decides to perform.
But can she be trusted?
Doug visits his father.
And treachery is afoot,
Wales, the near future.
Chuny and Mark break up.
Cartman gets pubic hair.
Their bags get mixed up.
One, Wendy stays behind.
she even kisses Gunther.
Earth, the 22nd century.
England, the late 1970s.
The crew search for him.
London, the near future.
Paolo returns from Rome.
Chandler feels left out.
Instead, he gets a hook.
if Monica was still fat.
Mulcahy plants a garden.
Monica bangs Ben's head.
neither can anyone else.
Ross just brings Marcel.
Weaver confronts Romano.
He just wants to defect.
B.A. can't believe that.
Dark forces are at work,
Al Boulet loses his job.
But time is running out,
start with the irritable
The gang's response, War.
Soon they learn that Maj.
he tries to find out why.
Anna donates bone marrow.
England, the near future.
com and only for 30 days.
, He chooses Silly Putty.
Ross makes a move on her.
B.J. gets the last laugh.
Phoebe ponders Spiderman.
Ben says his first words.
Gunther pines for Rachel.
That's when it all ended.
Monica invites Fun Bobby.
Chloe returns to Chicago.
In effect, he is a ghost.
com job by an old friend.
Father Jack goes missing.
But Sarah can't help him.
Scott Anspaugh is buried.
The Doctor must stop him.
and the Dow takes a dive.
Soon after, the cook dies.
Everyone thinks he did it.
A wealthy man is murdered.
Andy takes the twins home.
He throws an absolute fit.
Phoebe's grandmother dies.
Earth, the distant future.
England, the 12th century.
England, The 20th Century.
England, The 20th century.
Phoebe breaks up with him.
Ross goes to look for him.
It's Potter's anniversary.
Chandler and Joey hugging.
candlelight and videotape.
Leeta and Rom get married.
Even Klinger lends a hand.
Pluto, the distant future.
she loses her current one.
So she breaks up with Tag.
Radar and Hawkeye make up.
Molly turns out to be gay.
she leaves in the morning.
giving birth upon arrival.
Scotland, the near future.
The message, Luka is dead.
Kerry also figures it out.
And Columbo gets the case.
He returns and kisses her.
Hawking appears as himself.
Cartman's Cupid Me returns.
Amsterdam, the early 1980s.
Germany is highly insulted.
Atlantis, the ancient past.
Doug dines with his mother.
Cartman calls Stan a cissy.
Mr Heckles could have cats.
Morris's girlfriend visits.
Date, 23rd/24th August 79AD
Can the Master be involved?
Only one man can save them.
She turns out to be Janice.
Joey will learn the guitar.
Gunther broods over Rachel.
Margaret takes up knitting.
But Phoebe is still unsure.
Planet Zanak, unknown time.
Phoebe and Joey race birds.
Abby has decisions to make.
Sheldon hires an assistant.
it's only a matter of time.
Can they solve the mystery?
The One In Barbados, part 1
The One In Barbados, part 2
a reporter flirts with C.J.
A Boy Falling out of the Sky
But Columbo gets suspicious.
Amy tries to influence Josh.
Date, The year 5,000,000,053
Deep space, an unknown time.
Luka and Sam share a moment.
Or possibly even if it does.
Bernadette's earning her Ph.
The ER gets a new aide, Bob.
Chandler has a third nipple.
She doesn't get the new job.
Chander decides it's a four.
she complains and gets more.
Susan gets paged and leaves.
Doug and Carol share a kiss.
Susan is still seeing Chuck.
And alliances keep shifting,
Is there any hope for Varos?
Now he must return to Earth.
The alien world of Lakertya.
But will help come too late?
Carter and Roxanne break up.
Jessica narrates this story.
And immediately fall asleep.
, is one of those attending.
'Twas the Day after Christmas
Legal troubles loom for Luka.
A new Slayer arrives in town.
Corday plays the dating game.
Fred's parents come to visit.
However, Angel is distracted.
Then the Daleks get involved,
Ross gives her one as a gift.
Carter and Keaton get closer.
Or rather, one of the brides.
Doug returns from California.
Chandler gets a new computer.
All with one thing in common.
he invites her to come along.
Ross and Rachel begin dating.
Paul and Rachel start dating.
a lady's razor in his shower.
Kenny spontaneously combusts.
Jeanie returns from vacation.
Morgaine launches her attack.
Rachel wants to take a break.
However, problems soon arise.
reluctantly, the guys accept.
I thought it would never end.
The President has a showdown.
Chances of survival are slim.
Ross does a crossword puzzle.
Phoebe eats Joey's candy bar.
a coup develops in Venezuela.
The storm-lashed planet Karn.
Joey has freakishly tiny feet.
Nicha has her baby, a Centaur.
Buffy is feeling pulled apart.
Romano asks Corday for a date.
And now he may have no choice,
He freaks out, or so it seems.
Rom is ordered to be executed.
The Gellers meet the Walthams.
Cute Naked Guy puts on weight.
Radar receives a Purple Heart.
This is a story of how I died.
Chandler starts smoking again.
Sam and Luka move in together.
There is friction between Drs.
After 2 weeks, the ER reopens.
But an old enemy is out there.
Abby re-takes her board exams.
But it may be too late to act.
In short, he's a slave trader.
Phoebe flashes the other team.
The planet Necros, the future.
Cartman is especially excited.
Abby treats two horny old men.
Thank God for that remarks Cat.
A new desk clerk is introduced.
Catherine and Nick investigate.
But hides her trip from Mulder.
Ugly Naked Guy plays the Cello.
But Rachel decides not to move.
Joanie takes care of Richie Jr.
friends fighting and making up.
Monica gets no respect at work.
Jerry gets struck by lightning.
Mexico, the early 15th century.
Joey keeps staining his shirts.
Ugly Naked Guy has a hula-hoop.
Monica's credit card is stolen.
Romano gets his prosthetic arm.
Mr Heckles could play the oboe.
Everyone watches Spanish soaps.
and Ralph return from the army.
And came Torchwood and the war.
Chandler snaps and asks Janice.
but learns that Mike loves her.
Carter prepares to leave rehab.
Chen is the new chief resident.
Benton gets some very sad news.
The Antarctic, the near future.
Mark and Elizabeth draw closer.
Epideme has now entered Lister.
The mystery of Peladon deepens.
One person is severely injured.
Donna tracks down an AWOL Ryan.
Who is Eric Cartman's father?!.
Chen tells Pratt about her son.
Jessica is only midly intrigued.
Raj dates Bernadette's coworker.
Ellis West invites Weaver to St.
Pratt decides to stay at County.
Doug treats the dying Chia-Chia.
Legaspi plants a kiss on Weaver.
Monica rules the foosball field.
But Trapper does not believe it.
This is no way to run a regatta!
In the end they decide to adopt.
Phoebe takes a literature class.
Klinger pretends to be pregnant.
A medical student shadows Gates.
Very early one morning, he dies.
the camp have a no talent night.
He approaches Rachel for advice.
Rachel is turned on by uniforms.
but she tells him there is none.
they go out for pizza, in Italy.
Soon even the dog is bummed out.
The gang watches Sumo Wrestling.
Hawkeye performs surgery on him.
Ross gets a monkey named Marcel.
Fireman guys come to the rescue.
Jeanie and Al are back together.
Suggestion is a powerful weapon,
Will Rose be one of the victims?
Barbara, Ian and Susan are safe.
And he makes an unexpected ally,
Can Martha Jones save the world?
But Kelner is helping the enemy,
However, all is not as it seems.
Joey passes three kidney stones.
Luka gets bad news from Croatia.
The swing shift has a busy time.
He is determined to investigate.
What are Saxon's dark ambitions?
Only Quark can save their lives.
Nonethless, disaster has struck.
Weaver and Sandy have a baby boy.
Doctor Lawson asks Elizabeth out.
Even Kyle and Kenny are on board.
Rachel doesn't take it very well.
Ugly Naked Guy lays kitchen tile.
Sam gives Lilith driving lessons.
Rena dumps Carter over the phone.
He asks her to end his suffering.
Louis and taking Rachel with her.
The Quartermaster turns him down.
Henry finally gets his discharge.
Phoebe gets to know Cliff better.
they fight like typical siblings.
Phoebe shares her lobster theory.
Clemente's former flame shows up.
Leonard escorts Amy to a wedding.
I think we've got a problem here!
Benton's nephew is shot and dies.
Abby's friend from Ike's returns.
Joey has a part on Law and Order.
and if Phoebe was a stock broker:
Joey compares women to ice cream.
But that would just be too weird.
the girls still don't do so well.
Rock-a-Hula Ted, aka Lovely Girls
Phoebe has a massage appointment.
Rachel can't return his feelings.
Monica gets stung by a jellyfish.
Rachel can't decide what to wear.
can they escape with their lives?
Mark tries to track down Cynthia.
Donna is offered a lucrative dot.
The rest of the Team goes anyway.
So the Team plans to go on board.
The Official Red Dwarf Site, www.
The One With The Proposal, part 1
The One With The Proposal, part 2
the pressure is high as Frank Jr.
The owner of Edna's Pies near St.
Supplies are eventually restored.
But Ian stands accused of murder.
Lucy treats a dying homeless man.
This is no ordinary flu, however.
His first step is to destroy Ian.
he obsesses about her complaints.
Now everybody knows, except Ross.
Wrongs Darker than Death or Night
Benton inquires about DNA testing.
An unnamed world, an unknown time.
But every gift comes with a price.
Both men have extremely busy days.
But not everything is as it seems.
Carter sees Abby at an AA meeting.
Kerry is interviewed for ER chief.
England, the near future, perhaps.
But they still win, three dollars.
they end up with a foosball table.
Cleo treats an alcoholic teenager.
Chandler's parents feign civility.
Ross worries about Mark's motives.
Monica is sick and won't admit it.
She drops the badge and runs away.
Kicking Bishop Brennan up the Arse
Carol takes care of a rape victim.
Metebelis III, the distant future.
Joey tries to choose a stage name.
Mulder is again left with nothing.
Warrick gets a dead car show girl.
Perivale, England, the late 1980s.
Carter decides to take a vacation.
After much agonizing, Ross agrees.
Rachel gets a job offer, in Paris.
Monica makes flan instead of cake.
Revolution is stirring on Peladon.
Fonzie volunteers to be the proxy.
Ross moves into his new apartment.
Phoebe gets a visit from Frank Jr.
Dubenko faces a crisis in surgery.
South Park 5th Anniversary Special
Benton goes to dinner with Jeanie.
But he has his own plans for them.
Their only hope may be an old foe,
His only hope may be an old enemy.
But can he control it? Can anyone?
The One with the Two Parts, part 1
The One with the Two Parts, part 2
Chandler reveals his fear of dogs.
Ugly Naked Guy gets gravity boots.
Nothing can get her back to sleep.
This is the story of Pip's origin.
Three tourists are beat up, badly.
Romano continues physical therapy.
Ugly Naked Guy decorates his tree.
Now she is ready for some payback.
Padre, a priest who looks like Cat.
A woman found murdered in her home.
Greene gets his competency results.
He finds one, in Weaver's basement.
deaths in Kuhndu continue to mount.
Carol and Doug argue over marriage.
Once again, Ares' plans are ruined.
Maggie arrives, determined to help.
Frank visits on his way to therapy.
Kyle loves it and Cartman hates it.
But things are already going wrong,
Gallifrey, world of the Time Lords.
Sam's sister shows up unexpectedly.
Weaver returns from her suspension.
Happy Days 30th Anniversary Reunion
Raj has fantasies about Bernadette.
Jed's health begins to deteriorate.
But they are convinced he is a spy.
It's Big Block of Cheese Day again.
Anna's old boyfriend comes to town.
Emily decides she can't trust Ross.
But she finds the strength to stay.
Rachel's father has a heart attack.
and Kryten is absolutely loving it.
Luka treats some circus performers.
Mendoza is confirmed by the Senate.
Joey's yearning for Rachel worsens.
Monica wants a cut like Demi Moore.
She decides to out-lurk the lurker.
Phoebe gets money she doesn't want.
Ugly Naked Guy gets a thigh-master.
Ross and Rachel console each other.
Somehow they end up together again.
Chandler breaks up with her, again.
Even so, Joey looks really strange.
Phoebe makes her promise not to go.
Now another murder has taken place.
Morgenstern suffers a heart attack.
Luka wants her to move in with him.
Mark is served with divorce papers.
however, all is not as it may seem.
Loretta takes a turn for the worse.
Banfield discovers Carter's secret.
But Vaughn is still one step ahead.
The One With Ross's Wedding, part 1
The One With Ross's Wedding, part 2
but he's not missing a red sweater.
But what is waiting for them there?
The planet Skaro, the distant past.
Eric, Abby's brother, finally calls.
but all end up staying up all night.
Al fears an old lady has cursed him.
An ancient horror is ready to arise.
An enormous rainstorm pelts Chicago.
BOSS's plans are coming to fruition.
Luka then beats the mugger to death.
Carol and Susan are getting married.
Julie invites Monica to go shopping.
Rachel finds out and feels betrayed.
and both get over it rather quickly.
Mr Treeger has the door broken down.
Carter forces Ray to miss his plane.
Deep space, some time in the future.
Monica yearns for a baby of her own.
The baby is named Ben, after Phoebe.
Gallifrey, planet of the Time Lords.
Grissom returns from his sabbatical.
The primary suspect is the magician.
the pressure everyone feels at work.
She tries, but he just can't get it.
Joey's a celebrity guest on Pyramid.
they're turning her room into a gym.
Abby shares some big news with Luka.
He chooses Stan, Kenny, and Butters.
Also, we learn Margaret's last name.
he thinks she might change her mind.
Phoebe and Mr Gellar comfort Monica.
Monica takes Rachel to the hospital.
Neela is released from the hospital.
Phoebe thinks he's having an affair.
Phoebe convinces him to keep living.
Rachel has her first day on the job.
Carter mentors an aspiring teenager.
Monica reveals she's still a virgin.
Joey spills humus on Phoebe's dress.
Crane for help in conceiving a baby.
Jeanie and Reggie draw closer again.
The ER is flooded with burn victims.
And the Doctor is unable to stop it,
The Daleks are masters of the Earth.
A desperate resistance opposes them.
But everything is not as it appears,
The Doctor stands accused of murder.
The Doctor struggles to stop Davros.
FBI agents bring in a shot stripper.
He will soon unleash the chronovore.
But they may be walking into a trap,
The One That Could Have Been, part 1
The One That Could Have Been, part 2
The Doctor must trap him once again.
The planet Manussa, an unknown time.
Has the Beast of Fang Rock returned?
Sara eventually takes over the case.
Sean Simmons returns with pneumonia.
Neela and Gates square off at an M&M.
Luka invites Sam to move in with him.
He invites her to a society function.
Angel and Cordelia are still missing.
Argolis' tachyon machine is unstable.
Mark discovers Cynthia's hidden past.
The word is out about Mark and Chuny.
they argue and Eddie agrees to leave.
Cynthia Hooper is the new desk clerk.
Meanwhile, a Colorado city is hacked.
The sex offender is the main suspect.
Mark learns that Jenn's moving to St.
Instead he finds the helpless Willow.
Hawkeye is sent to a mental hospital.
The wedding rehearsal dinner is held.
Mrs Geller takes a liking to Gunther.
As long as they can fool the referee.
Monica starts dating Fun Bobby again.
The bridesmaid's dresses are hideous.
Pratt asks Olivia from Ceasefire out.
Corday's malpractice suit is settled.
The ER suffers from a water shortage.
Jerry tries to trap a loose kangaroo.
Chandler tries to prove he's funnier.
Fast Eddie and Corday do it in a car.
Sara and Greg get a dead bodybuilder.
On his way there he is hit by a mine.
Romana is trapped on a ruined planet.
Gunther confesses him love to Rachel.
He refuses and the relationship ends.
however, Cardassian forces free them.
And a strange figure is watching him.
Benton is named Resident of the Year.
But who or what controls the Marshal?
Penny's past comes back to haunt her.
But the Circus is not all it appears.
An Investigator is coming to Skybase.
He has only a short time to stop him.
The monoids begin colonizing Refusis.
The planet Solos in the 30th century.
But an interplanetary war is looming,
Two doctors secretly become involved.
the contractions are stopped for now.
The supply lines to the camp are cut.
Warrick can't remember what happened.
Weaver meets Legaspi's new girlfriend.
Luka returns from Croatia a day early.
But time may cheat him of his victory,
He tries his luck at being a salesman.
An unnamed planet, the distant future.
Phoebe decides to make the most of it.
Carol goes into labor on the El train.
But, of course Kyle abuses his powers.
Janice buys Chandler Bullwinkle socks.
she turns into her Dad in the process.
Chen tells Weaver about her pregnancy.
Gant demands more respect from Benton.
Carol ponders enrolling in med school.
The staff celebrates Weaver's day off.
Morris has applied for Chief Resident.
Phoebe sings and makes a lot of sense.
Hathaway decides to keep Doug's child.
Trapper finally manages to sedate him.
And penetration zero is getting close,
Susan meets with the tenure committee.
Carter steals a diagnosis from Harper.
Mondas continues its assault on Earth.
Coburn tries to help a resistant Abby.
Mr Garrison decides to get a nose job.
Nick gets a dead boy found on a bench.
targeted advertising invades the town.
Monica and Chandler take care of Emma.
Chandler has his third nipple removed.
having unbelievably mild contractions.
Romano returns from his medical leave.
the Enterprise is sent to investigate.
And why are they suddenly feeling ill?
A tremendous danger lurks within^aEUR|
They may have no choice but to comply,
The Doctor is under sentence of death.
But the Master is working to stop him,
But he is buried alive in the citadel,
Reese is discharged from the hospital.
The Happy Days 2nd Anniversary Special
But the price of success will be high.
Only the Doctor and Leela can stop it.
Bartlet hires Mandy as his consultant.
All they can do is wait to be rescued.
MacArthur is so impressed, he salutes!
But the stones are not what they seem.
the situation on Haiti comes to a head
First the A-Team has to find the mole.
Ross tries to make amends with Rachel.
When an employee of Morley Tobacco Co.
His playing leaves much to be desired.
Nick helps his prostitute friend again.
Chen's dad is admitted to the hospital.
A woman is abducted from a supermarket.
He holds all the cards over the Doctor.
He refuses to raise money for the suit.
she advises him to let Roger see Reese.
Ben always cries when he's near Monica.
Mark fears Susan is dating Morgenstern.
Weaver is apparently seeing Ellis West.
Jenn tells Mark she wants a separation.
Carla falls for Eddie, a hockey goalie.
Morris is named the new Chief Resident.
But Cartman doesn't get just any pubes.
The cause of death was a shotgun blast.
Phoebe waits for Mike at his apartment.
But a traitor may have undone them all,
But the ship is not deserted after all,
They suspect the husband and boyfriend.
They throw down the F word and it's on,
It's a full moon, and the nuts are out.
On top of that, the boiler breaks down.
Chandler meets a woman on the Internet.
and Phoebe will pilot a commercial jet.
Ross gets sugar highs from maple candy.
He turns out to be short, fat, and old.
When Phoebe doesn't like him, he cries.
Sidney Freedman is called in to assist.
So, they set off to find him in Malibu.
Carter makes plans to meet with Elaine.
Doug coaches Jake's Little League team.
Carter's apartment building burns down.
General Cutler has a plan to deal with.
if Joey was still on Days of Our Lifes.
Because Buffy is anything but ordinary.
Gunther continues to brood over Rachel.
Rachel begins to plan Monica's wedding.
Tag and Carol have wedding day jitters.
Gates faces a crisis on the home front.
Mark's stress level continues to build.
Doug finally visits a recovering Carol.
he slept with med student Harper Tracy.
Neela spends the day looking for a job.
Only, things may not be what they seem.
The A-Team must once again duck Decker.
But they are preparing a terrible plan,
But whose side are the Ice Warriors on?
And a familiar enemy is on their trail,
The One Where Rachel Has a Baby, part 1
The One Where Rachel Has a Baby, part 2
On Christmas Eve, the Master is reborn.
The TARDIS crew are in different times.
But what is causing the power failures?
Benton later shares a kiss with Corday.
And closure is not always within reach.
But Vaughn is playing a dangerous game.
The orbit of Jupiter, the 25th century.
Tlotoxl begins to move against Barbara.
Morris impresses Claudia and her family.
A day in Cricket's world is spotlighted.
A rash of thefts breaks out in the camp.
Corday is reassigned as Benton's intern.
Doug receives a job offer from Portland.
So the A-Team lets themself be arrested.
As always, things aren't what they seem.
Phoebe and Rachel decide to get tattoos.
Phoebe and Mike decide to live together.
She later discloses that she's pregnant.
However, he loses the job by overacting.
Monica's childhood cookie habit returns.
Joey gets a job at a Christmas tree lot.
a ceasefire is declared, ending the war.
It's Christmas in South Park once again.
But Vaughn has more sinister intentions.
The natives are not all happy with this.
Josh gets payback while Sam gets played.
C.J. makes a mistake and sets them back.
Kira goes into labor with Keiko's child.
Neela and Ray share some subtle signals.
Maggie Doyle and Abby Keaton among them.
But Joey hooks him up with lot of women.
Chandler tells Monica he's okay with it.
Phoebe, pregnant, has cravings for meat.
Phoebe gives Joey and Chandler haircuts.
Radar writes the weekly activity report.
it has to be torn apart to get them out.
Weaver asks firefighter Sandy Lopez out.
She tells Carter not to worry about her.
Grabarsky and Lydia finally get married.
Can they free them before it's too late?
But some other force lurks in the rocks,
But it's not clear what they need to do.
she's imprisoned on a distant spaceship,
The Vardans are in control of Gallifrey.
But he has one last trick up his sleeve,
The fight on Peladon reaches its climax.
The guys' chicken is becoming a rooster.
But the bestial primords are closing in,
The void between universes is shrinking.
And only the Slayer stands in their way.
Chandler and Monica finally get engaged.
Trapper gets an ulcer and a ticket home.
The target, the homicidal Graff Vynda K.
Unknown time, Gallifreyan space station.
Unknown time, a Time Lord space station.
Of course the A-Team helps the underdog.
Howard interrupts Raj's girls night out.
After a brief struggle, Monica previals.
Carter tells Abby he wants to marry her.
Starbug is completely devoid of curries.
However, Quark is also still interested.
Pratt and Kerry must adjust to new roles.
Nick and Grissom analyze the crime scene.
She later tells Luka that she's pregnant.
Sandy's mom brings Weaver's son Henry in.
Inside B.A. soon has to prepare to fight.
Bombs drop on Qumar upon Walken's orders.
Brutal killer Johnny Ringo comes to town.
Jeanie ends her relationship with Benton.
Mark dines with Doctor Lee, new ER chief.
But the Clanton gang have them in corner,
Monica and Chandler swear him to secrecy.
Joey gets a audition for a broadway play.
He also becomes virtually indestructible.
Carter and Wendall share an awkward kiss.
Mark tells the staff about his prognosis.
Meanwhile, Howard teaches K. C. to drive.
Rachel finally delivers the baby, breech.
Jo and Bert are trapped in a deadly mine.
Phoebe finds out she's carrying triplets.
Joey asks her to represent him full time.
Joey astounds the gang with a card trick.
, in hopes of getting to know him better.
Ross makes Dinosaur sounds for his class.
and Phoebe considers her options as well.
But what awful power is manipulating her?
Kerry gets a tempting job offer in Miami.
Mark tries to help an abusive gay couple.
Monica convinces him to apologize to her.
Paul tells Ross to stop dating Elizabeth.
and their babysitter, Mrs Geller is late.
they oblige, with some startling results.
Joey finds the keys to someone's Porsche.
The bad news is he's broke, flat, busted.
He showed me the whole of time and space.
Rachel decides to have a fling with Joey.
Ross dumps Bonnie, which takes all night.
He, Chen, and Elgin are severely injured.
Scott Anspaugh finishes his chemotherapy.
Weaver considers leaving town with Henry.
What is the secret of the Three Who Rule?
Carter accompanies Wendall rock climbing.
But who is the Master really working for?
But can he save the Alzarians and Romana?
The Doctor has cured the silurian plague.
And Adrasta has plans for Romana and K-9.
To free them, he may have to betray them.
Benton receives the ER trauma fellowship.
The Earth colony Terra Alpha, the future.
Ainsley fixes up Donna with a Republican.
The TARDIS lands on a 21st-century beach.
Fortunately, Xena looks exactly like her.
The desert planet Zolfa-Thura, the 1980s.
Monica crashes into Rachel while skating.
The mystery behind the war games deepens.
The planet Karfel, in the distant future.
The team investigates an underground mob.
The truth about the creature is revealed.
Three people are murdered at Doc Magoo's.
It all seems connected with the refinery,
they fight and part on unfavorable terms.
Meanwhile, Gabrielle finds time for love.
A 28 year-old single mother is found dead.
Carter's condition worsens quite suddenly.
Charlie comes into the ER severely beaten.
A 13-year-old boy comes in with chlamydia.
Clemente gets a visit from two detectives.
Abby wakes up with Luka in his hotel room.
After Fred's physics article is published.
A confrontation that some may not survive.
Rachel starts her new job at Ralph Lauren.
Corday operates on Allison Beaumont again.
Benton turns down Corday's romantic offer.
Chandler and Monica go on their honeymoon.
Ross and Monica's grandmother dies, twice.
Ross and Julie plan to get a cat together.
Variations of this happened day after day.
Morris and Albright throw off some sparks.
Charles proves a match for his colleagues.
She encourages him to go to Athens anyway.
Afterwards, he asks her to be his sponsor.
Doug slugs an abusive father in the lobby.
Events on Androzani reach a bloody climax.
the beautiful, but lethally logical, Pree.
First, Pratt butts in on a patient of his.
Catherine looks into a gun found by a boy.
Margaret worries about her post-war plans.
BJ is sent home, much to Hawkeye's dismay.
Doug asks Carol for a drawer at her place.
Penny assists Sheldon with his first date.
but afterward can't remember which sister.
he tracks her down and asks her on a date.
Morris may end up becoming Chief Resident.
A drunken BJ becomes violent with Hawkeye.
Abby treats a teen who has been beaten up.
Alcoholic teenager Chad Kottmeier returns.
Chloe's irresponsibility wears Susan down.
Meanwhile, Willow meets a nice boy online.
just as they're leaving, her water breaks.
Now that Joanie, Lori Beth, and Richie Jr.
Josh can't get Amy Gardner to talk to him.
Rachel is sorry about her fight with Ross.
Abby discovers that she passed her boards.
Al asks Jeanie to give him another chance.
Penny treading the community college road.
But what terrible secret slumbers beneath?
But the villains are still one step ahead.
The Doctor's friends are imprisoned again.
Hawkeye and Henry are charged with mutiny.
The Master has unleashed a terrible force.
They win, and are glad to be done with it.
The TARDIS is plunging toward destruction.
Later, Ross sees the sweater on the table.
David is worried he can't compare to Mike.
and Mac and Dee get stuck in a tube slide.
C.J. tries to spin the story to the press.
She only spurns his optimism with insults.
Two students go missing with PC Principal.
Mark cares for an abandoned elderly woman.
C.J. completely misreads Ben's intentions.
Sam struggles to reconcile with her mother.
A gleeful Carter removes Benton's appendix.
Meanwhile Mulder investigates crop circles.
It's AWESOM-O! His very own personal robot.
And Weaver gets some much-needed good news.
Greene discovers that he has a brain tumor.
Radar gets a temporary replacement for Maj.
Frank misses Charlie and destroys the dump.
She doesn't want to go, but Fonzie insists.
Dawn spends the night with Xander and Anya.
she tells him that she's moving to Phoenix.
Doug struggles with his feelings for Carol.
Weaver actively campaigns against Synergix.
It leads them to a convention of big women.
Fonzie also considers quitting as director.
Chandler and Monica plan a Halloween party.
Chandler gets an internship in advertising.
Chen treats a man too traumatized to speak.
In return, Brenner asks a favor of Dubenko.
Later on, Luka gets a troubling phone call.
Meanwhile, the Jem'Hadar are still looking.
He was shot to death and left on the plane.
Rachel flirts with the doctor, for a while.
Leo's wife gets fed up with his long hours.
Fonzie and Howard are picked for jury duty.
Unfortunately that man is Arnold J. Rimmer.
The Geller parents stop by the coffee shop.
Meanwhile, Butters watches his first porno.
Joey hopes to kiss Janine at fake midnight.
Monica doesn't like the chick and the duck.
While he's gone, she debates what to do do.
Can a broken clock summon the Lord of Time?
Carol minds a bucketful of expensive worms.
Ross and Rachel talk about their fantasies.
Monica spends a fortune on a pair of boots.
Now Leela is the prisoner of the Collector.
However, only she and Joey make it on time.
Radar gets a Dear John recording from home.
Robin turns up with bad news and good news.
Sam finds a way to get even with John Hill.
Lucy has problems trying to go off Ritalin.
Luka unexpectedly runs into Doctor Moretti.
Stardate: Unknown Sisko buys land on Bajor.
Carter and Abby discuss their relationship.
Doug takes up with his father's girlfriend.
But how to get B.A. in the plane this time?
But his master Weng-Chiang has other plans,
The MASH 4077 is visited by General Steele.
The former prison planet Varos, the future.
The gang attends their high school reunion.
Joey doesn't understand the quotes gesture.
The gang spends time on Marcel's movie set.
Monica and Ross compete for the Geller Cup.
Joey and Chandler compete for a Dutch girl.
The planet Frontios, in the distant future.
The casino is hosting Japanese antiquities.
Jessica is badly beaten but is still alive.
Joey hangs out in his new Captain's outfit.
One by one, her rivals are being destroyed.
and Jimmy tries to learn more about Leslie.
Corday screams at Weaver about ordering it.
an opening is created on the Supreme Court.
Vinny Pratt, a friend of Trapper's turns up.
The episode ending was voted by the viewers.
he is handicapped and can only say his name.
It isn't long before there's another murder.
At least, it's assumed that they're extinct,
She's raped, beaten, shot and left for dead.
Carla checks into the hospital after a fall.
They all win back their money and then some.
An entity residing in Wolfram & Hart itself.
Police officer Reggie Moore asks Jeanie out.
Josh and Donna argue about a loan to Mexico.
Weaver and Sandy Lopez finally go on a date.
Carol enlists new ER nurse Yosh to help out.
Butters has never kissed a girl in his life.
Susan receives $3000 in the mail from Chloe.
Susan clashes with Kayson on a cardiac case.
Steve continues his efforts to get Sam back.
no one can figure out how to switch it back.
then he has to find someone to fit the bill.
Phoebe, Rachel, and Joey impersonate Janice.
Rachel tries to teach Joey to sail his boat.
However, he comes right back and kisses her.
They must find a way to bring forth Angelus.
The plan is to let Hannibal see his men die.
Even worse, the Doctor himself falls victim.
Doug learns that his father has passed away.
But is there another cause of the situation?
Everyone hums the theme from The Odd Couple.
General Fulbright is a member there as well.
Then Sam and Diane have an argument as well.
Gary decides to ask Phoebe to live with him.
Even if she must destroy the world to do it.
Hospital janitor Mobalage's wife is stabbed.
He and Abby later meet up in his hotel room.
She mistakes it for a proposal, and accepts.
So, he goes on a journey to fix the problem.
Joey and Chandler watch Beavis and Butthead.
Joey is still upset at Chandler about Kathy.
Toby contends with some of PBS's detractors.
When Weaver refuses, Carter leads a walkout.
Someone gives C.J. intelligence information.
she and Reggie get married later in the day.
Cleo treats a family who was in an accident.
Curing them will cost the Doctor everything.
But the Doctor is trapped in a fold of time,
And its servants are closing in around them.
Ross ponders starting a divorced men's club.
Ray realizes all may not be lost, after all.
But even he may no longer be able to escape,
Lister is hurt but is puzzled at her manner.
the officers hold the monthly staff meeting.
One of B.A.'s old girlfriends has a problem.
Mr Heckles could be Chandler's new roommate.
Joey tries to get out of filming, but can't.
Rachel finishes preparations to go to Paris.
Ross is depressed about his failed marriage.
But is there someone else who wants it more?
Phoebe also tries to help her get over Ross.
Neela and Abby get their board exam results.
Peter learns Carla plans to move to Germany.
She ultimately decides to return to Chicago.
He also treats a flirtatious patient's rash.
Penny and Leonard rush Raj's dog to the vet.
Spike returns to Sunnydale a broken vampire.
Al Boulet delivers divorce papers to Jeanie.
But the Master holds the trump card, Kronos.
Completing it may entail an awful sacrifice.
Conni is past her due date for her own baby.
Mark gives a deposition in the O'Brien case.
The couples are getting for Valentines' Day.
Monica and Rachel see Jean-Claude Van Damme.
The planet Peladon, some time in the future.
One is suspected of the murder of the other.
Sheldon and Raj go to war at the university.
Haleh has a tough time filling Carol's shoes.
The team investigates in a race against time.
And the seabase is under assault from within,
Turlough must decide where his loyalties lie,
Josh finally gets the poll results from Joey.
Carter gets his first patient, and loses him.
Monica cancels, leaving just the two of them.
Paolo gives Rachel calls and shoes from Rome.
These teams compete for three day R&R passes.
the situation in Qumar continues to escalate.
Mark declines to proceed in the NASA program.
But strange things are going on in the house.
The Doctor finds the solution in a test tube.
Joey helps a single mother, Lydia give birth.
unfortunately, she doesn't feel like playing.
She decides against it, but he leaves anyway.
Weaver hires Kovac as the ER's new attending.
But both Sarah and the Doctor are on the run,
Harold seems to have won over Neela's cousin.
Hawkeye and Trapper sabotage Margaret's tent.
Benton and Carla name their son Reese Benton.
Mark and Susan endure disastrous blind dates.
Rachel's due date comes but the baby doesn't.
Danny continues to pursue the Shareef matter.
Amy wants to introduce Sheldon to her mother.
Eve continues to challenge the nursing staff.
Josh looks for any excuse to see Amy Gardner.
Kay feeling betrayed decides to seek revenge.
The Doctor has only a short time to stop him.
Ross and Chandler don't know how to tell him.
On the plane, Phoebe lets slip about Richard.
He goes over and makes an embarrassing scene.
Neela and Gallant make an impetuous decision.
Morris' children come to the ER to visit him.
Penny finds the perfect girl for Raj to date.
She must chose between the two men she loves.
Phoebe is mad at Ross but can't remember why.
meanwhile, Ross wakes up with the Xerox girl.
Ross reveals his high school crush on Rachel.
she gets an interview with Saks Fifth Avenue.
Kids separate into Xbox1 & PS4 battle groups.
He also comes with a surprise, he is married.
Everyone breaks the no-date pact except Ross.
then she's upset that Richard taped over her.
Carter arrives at the ER and promptly leaves.
Sam receives a special gift for her birthday.
Meanwhile, on Voyager, Tuvok enters Pon Farr.
Benton and Corday run into his sister Jackie.
Alex's actions also make Penny feel insecure.
Sheldon is baffled by Wolowitz's magic trick.
Gabrielle fights the samurai for Xena's body.
However, Alexander wants to stay permanently.
But he is quickly mistaken for anther doctor,
The Doctor and Jo are prisoner of the Master.
The Doctor and Leela are suspected of murder.
The Doctor has been captured by the Gatherer.
And it has Tegan to use as a bargaining tool,
And the Count has a new pawn to play, Romana.
Carol finally tells Doug about her pregnancy.
The Rani's terrible plan is finally revealed.
There's only one way out, Lose, and lose big.
Something slumbers deep within the catacombs.
The dead planet is not uninhabited after all.
Chandler is unable to perform in the bedroom.
The gang has a welcome-home party for Rachel.
The crew duck and the polymorph is destroyed.
and Alice can only afford the procedure once.
Carter and Lucy treat a pheromone saleswoman.
A new pediatrician arrives from Philadelphia.
But how? And what is the source of her power?
Gates tries to get a patient on a drug trial.
Sara contemplates the future of her marriage.
Radar prepares his animal hutch for the worst.
A truck hijacker comes to the end of the road.
Xerxes arrests sympathizers to the Black Wolf.
Ray's band is ready to move to the next level.
Gallant and Pratt receive their match letters.
Carter shows up at Ruby's late wife's funeral.
Benton takes a personal day to care for Carla.
Nearby is a beaver dam made in part with cash.
Cheers 200th Anniversary Special, 1 hr Episode
Peter takes Reese in for another hearing test.
Meanwhile the A-Team seems to have two B.A.'s!
He sets up a trusting ex-con to take the wrap.
Benton and Corday clash over an ER fellowship.
Mark and Carol treat a pregnant schizophrenic.
Suddenly, contact is lost with the lunar base.
he and Chandler don't move from them for days.
Monica is annoyed that Ross is around so much.
Joey's TV show, Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E. premiers.
The mayor asks Randy Marsh to find a solution.
Luka's first day back in the ER is a busy one.
Jerry and Frank clash, leading to a fistfight.
Carter disagrees with a diagnosis by Anspaugh.
Jeanie and Al are involved in a barroom brawl.
Is it a murder or an urban legend turned fact?
later, in Vegas, they end up fighting over it.
And Potter takes driving lessons from Klinger.
Once again, it's Christmas time in South Park.
The gang goes to Joey's play on opening night.
Potsie saves Fonzie from a fire at the garage.
Chandler tells Monica he knows about the baby.
Joey reveals, to Ross his feelings for Rachel.
Radar tells Hawkeye he is disappointed in him.
Sam joins a help group for sexual compulsives.
Monica invites him to Rachel's birthday party.
His last minute effort out-does Phoebe's song.
At breakfast, their friends ask them about it.
Finally, Chandler suggests they live together.
they get locked out of the car at a rest stop.
Monica is dating the very boring Doctor Roger.
Sam tries to reconcile Rebecca and her sister.
Sam is surprised by the arrival of Alex's dad.
A huge circular hole dominates her left cheek.
Mark hires a new Chief Resident, Kerry Weaver.
The Doctor and Sarah are caught in the middle.
On the other hand, Margaret hates loud noises.
But she is far more perilous than she appears,
Evil, nasty and decidedly unpleasant tortures,
But it may already be inside, biding its time,
The Doctor is in a pit with a deadly creature.
The Doctor tries to reason with the silurians.
And she will use Mel to force his cooperation,
Jed resists sitting for his official portrait.
The Doctor agrees to take her back to Kastria.
Meanwhile, Leonard seduces Penny with science.
The gang celebrates Monica's engagement night.
The Doctor hopes to return and save his world.
The planet Deva Loka, some time in the future.
The search is on for the wounded cave monster.
A patient's racist son makes a deadly mistake.
And mysterious armored figures are closing in,
Meanwhile, vast space fleets await new orders.
Pratt and Bettina consider their relationship.
Trent struggles to find a purpose in his life.
Banfield bonds with a baby abandoned at the ER.
Romano realizes Benton and Corday are together.
A woman is abducted from a mall parking garage.
Moretti's son shows up for an unexpected visit.
Carter receives bad news about his grandmother.
She cozies up to Jessica, and drugs her coffee.
Rachel takes another pregnancy test to be sure.
Luka has a very unconventional therapy session.
the staff leaps hurdles to pass a banking bill.
Monica arranges for Rachel and Danny to go out.
Jenn and Rachel are involved in a car accident.
Sam and Luka try to plan Alex's birthday party.
Abby later plants an impromptu smooch on Kovac.
Ross attends Lamaze class with Carol and Susan.
Ross realizes he's really going to be a father.
The plot twists and turns as she delves deeper.
But 16th-century Venice is not as it should be.
Ray wonders if he's lost his chance with Neela.
Benton studies with a sign language instructor.
Romano begins his first day as acting ER chief.
Carol is despondent following Doug's departure.
However Darphus gains a powerful ally in death.
Meanwhile Cliff agrees to babysit Carla's kids.
Giles is able to bind Willow, but not for long.
Warrick is suspected of having gambled on duty.
Face can finally live out some of his passions.
A female colonel is sent to inspect the nurses.
Howard uses a robotic arm for his own pleasure.
Mr Shin goes into the surgical supply business.
Meanwhile Buffy feels like a fish out of water.
Joey has a dream that Monica is his girlfriend.
Chandler can't stand holding in the wisecracks.
Monica give him a sock puppet that Phoebe made.
Rachel is looking for a date to a charity ball.
Pratt is questioning his abilities as a doctor.
But how can they cure an infection of the mind?
And there's something fishy in the sewers, too,
Kerry's TV appearance becomes a real emergency.
they later have sex on the stairs at her place.
Benton exhibits a growing attraction to Jeanie.
Anna treats a young man with testicular cancer.
Ross has to find a zoo in which to put his pet.
Nothing stands between the Mara and its return.
Hannibal takes care of this problem personally.
Richard starts to talk and dress like Chandler.
Ralph asks Leather to the annual military ball.
Can the Doctor stop the Great Journey of Life ?
Carol worries that she may have lost her child.
Then they discover that the rat has had babies.
Carol and Susan show up at the same restaurant.
The pain is too much, so he only gets one done.
One of Carla's sons decides to become a priest.
Corday discovers she's the new Head of Surgery.
Death shows up but instead goes after the boys.
Susan has her hands full with a pregnant Chloe.
But will the Animus be too powerful to destroy?
But their victory may come at a terrible price.
But reinforcements are on their way from Skaro,
The Doctor makes his move against the War Lord.
But will he be betrayed by the ambitious Eelek?
Can the Doctor find a way to kill death itself?
If the guys win, they get the girls' apartment.
And the Doctor and Adric are seen as the cause.
Margaret searches for a new office for Charlie.
The planet Androzani Minor, the distant future.
The scene is a guest lodge in the Grand Tetons.
But the mysterious Mester has plans of his own,
Walker and Trivette must save a kidnapped Alex.
Bishop Stewart returns in even worse condition.
Josh is less than thrilled with his new intern.
Worf and Ezri return safely to Deep Space Nine.
Soon battle ensues and all things become clear.
Bongo, Kryten, but without his mechanoid nature.
Also, Nick investigates a jewelry-store robbery.
Weaver advises Barnett to change his appearance.
An old friend returns to celebrate the holidays.
A young boy is hunted by his father and brother.
Chen treats a patient with a talent for numbers.
Abby's first day as an Attending is bittersweet.
While Jessica sleeps, Eudora steals story notes.
Carter tries to save Lucy from Edson's advances.
Captain Picard is sent to Romulus to find Spock.
Jordan backs up Leo as he deals with the Qumari.
Doug receives a visit from his estranged father.
Mark tells Loretta that she has cervical cancer.
Carter and Benton treat a suicidal transvestite.
Benton and Walt hunt for Peter's missing mother.
Phoebe and Joey agree to set each up with dates.
it's a skill he hasn't quite mastered, at first.
Chandler doesn't watch it, but lies that he did.
Chaz, now a med student, begins his ER rotation.
Doug's relationship with Diane Leeds progresses.
Deffry Vale School, a normal, local high school.
Benton learns that Jeanie has separated from Al.
The Breen join the Dominion/Cardassian Alliance.
Sheldon and Amy host a brunch in their new digs.
Charles runs across a band of Chinese musicians.
Phoebe goes back to singing at the coffee house.
It's a dark and gloomy world without the Slayer.
Chandler tries to end his membership at his gym.
First, she makes a lot of jam, which Joey loves.
she notices he seems to have a drinking problem.
He hires another actor to play his twin brother.
Haleh auditions singers for the Christmas party.
their child was shot by a Latino police officer.
Meanwhile, Charlie helps Dee search for her cat.
Santos deflects religious questions onto Vinick.
Swift has to take over for Mark during a trauma.
Corday serves her last day as a surgical fellow.
He turns out to be a little nicer than expected.
Pratt complains to Anspaugh about the new Chief.
they must determine who wants him dead, and why.
Sam and Luka find it difficult to work together.
And he has no plans of leaving until he gets it.
Rachel's baby starts kicking for the first time.
Joey was in a porn movie, which they then watch.
Phoebe secretly moves out of Monica's apartment.
Phoebe's weird running style embarrasses Rachel.
Ross tries to make sure Rachel doesn't find out.
Monica gives Phoebe some pills for her headache.
Monica got drunk just before her surprise party.
Ralph takes bets on football games at 10:1 odds.
He, now, has to ask Fonzie for the tickets back.
Rachel sets Chandler up on a date with her boss.
Ross has never even met the man, to he declines.
Sam and Rebecca each separately turn to the Drs.
Susan is stuck on the roof with a dying patient.
Hails to the captain's vessel have been ignored.
But that's only the beginning of their problems.
Brenner has concerns about Lucy's foster family.
The Doctor and Adric are imprisoned by a madman.
Their only chance may be a dangerous space walk,
But they are in the clutches of the evil Kraals.
Adrasta goes into the mines to kill the monster.
But he is losing allies, and the TARDIS is gone.
He demands the Doctor help him on pain of death.
The Doctor is captured by the Tribe of the Free.
The Doctor meets with First Citizen Robespierre.
The Doctor persuades the Draconians to his side.
The Doctor tries to fix the mad computer Xoanon.
But Romana is succumbing to a strange influence,
But now they must deal with the evil Koquillion,
But perhaps it is giving in a little too easily,
The One With The Triplets, aka The One Hundredth
Meanwhile, Gerald flees a vengeful Troll Hunter.
This time, however, there may not be a solution,
The Special Prosecutor sets his probe in motion.
The TARDIS crew are caught in a space-time trap.
He plans to leave Sunnydale after the Ascension.
But his efforts may be undone by his own allies,
Rachel's injuries are worse than first believed.
This leads our team to discuss the Chaos Theory.
Rachel invites Tag over for Thanksgiving dinner.
The gang fears that the 4077th will be split up.
The third Doctor has vanished into a black hole.
and Emily catches Raj snooping in her apartment.
Neela performs surgery on a young girl's mother.
Doug has his hands full with a young pyromaniac.
When Diana's father takes ill, Xena is summoned.
not wanting to lose face, he insists on playing.
With Eric still missing, Maggie returns to town.
Worf falls in love with Quark's ex-wife, Grilka.
and Mellie, bearing a striking likeness to Holly.
Pratt is reunited with his father and his family.
Later, a gang shooting challenges Luka and Pratt.
Carter and Doyle have a date at the pistol range.
A special package arrives for Butters from Japan.
Abby and Carter discuss his impending fatherhood.
Malucci calls in a priest to perform an exorcism.
Everybody knows a girl can't fight a boy and win.
Neela oversees an unusual kidney transplant case.
One of the patrons is Sara's paramedic boyfriend.
Benton meets with his lawyer regarding the trial.
he went to the University of Illinois, after all.
Bartlet and Hoynes argue in front of the Cabinet.
Joey has a little trouble with his line, however.
In this case, one passenger had a one-way ticket.
Carter receives early tenure, at Susan's expense.
Because she needs to care for her dad, she quits.
Doug gets a phone call from his estranged father.
Mark panics during a paramedic initiation ritual.
Feuding gangs divide a neighborhood at Christmas.
The outcome is disputed, so they end up rumbling.
All three victims share the same birthday of Aug.
Gunther re-trains Rachel on how to be a waitress.
she invites Joey, Monica, and Ross to come along.
Phoebe receives a mink coat as a family heirloom.
Phoebe hangs out with her half-brother, Frank Jr.
Ross and Elizabeth continue their secret romance.
Monica and Phoebe bet on when the baby will come.
Abby gives him his shot but purposefully ODs him.
What mysterious force has emptied central London?
The town then gets over run with homeless people.
Abby is looking for a loan for a secret endeavor.
The bar is closing to make way for a coffee shop.
They follow the pair to a house outside the city.
Phoebe has to take care of the babies by herself.
Jeanie finds her faith while treating a reverend.
He took me away from home in his magical machine.
Chandler makes a scene to get Monica's attention.
Ross brings Rachel to Central Perk to see Monica.
Joey and Chandler fight about chairs and clothes.
The woman dies, however, and Luka covers for Sam.
Now the boat has sunk and he's looking for a job.
Mark and Jenn celebrate her passing the bar exam.
She then builds a pyre and collects Xena's ashes.
Susan and Carter attend a yoga class before work.
Hodges questions his marriage plans to Elisabetta
The Doctor begins to organize against the aliens.
But it is getting harder to tell friend from foe.
The Doctor struggles to overthrow the evil Borad.
He wishes to move the camp 5 miles down the road.
What is the hold he appears to have on King John?
But what can they do against such a powerful foe?
The TARDIS materializes near a vast space museum.
Kenny breaks free and wanders off into the night.
But then the TARDIS materialises inside the Dome,
The gang goes on a road trip to the Grand Canyon.
But simply surviving the landing may be too much,
Also, an American soldier is less than impressed.
Ray discovers Zoe has chlamydia, and is underage.
Catherine and Warrick deal with a vampire murder.
Angel takes a job from a high-paying businessman.
Shep risks his life to bring in a gunshot victim.
However Xena, instead, becomes the ultimate prey.
His old enemy the Master also plays a small part.
Winchester takes command during Potter's absence.
Weaver gives Luka an ultimatum regarding his job.
Howard is shocked when Richie rents it to Fonzie.
Meanwhile, Josh chooses his deputy chief of staff.
A new student, Gary Harrison, joins the 4th grade.
They try and bust him but with disastrous results.
Catherine gets an unexpected gift from her father.
Kerry takes a fall on the ice and injures her hip.
Frank makes an effort to connect more with Dennis.
Fonzie is elated when Chachi wins his first fight.
As always, the course of love never runs smoothly.
Luka and Abby await important news about the baby.
Carter discovers his cousin Chase shooting heroin.
he must find a way of stopping the vervoid menace,
Sara opens up to Grissom about her childhood past.
Monica tries to deal with her mother's criticisms.
He turns her down, professing his love for Monica.
Clete Roberts introduces this segment as his show.
Doctor Who, A Christmas Carol, promotional trailer
Carter is having trouble being an RA in the dorms.
Is there any hope of defeating the evil creatures?
An allergic Gallant treats a blind man with a dog.
Bartlet has some new health issues to worry about.
Around the tenth hour, they invite Phoebe to join.
The flight back endures several problems, however.
Klinger decides to stay in Korea to marry Soon-Li.
and Garrison surveys the military he now controls.
He then plans to kill her and frame her boyfriend.
Meanwhile, the Doctor assumes a new identity^aEUR|
and Garrison continues his campaign for president.
His daughter replaces him and then Kyle is killed.
the dinner is burned and Rachel misses her flight.
Kovac is in Chicago looking for hospice-care work.
C.J. gets on Josh's case about his unhealthy diet.
Rizzo and BJ goof around with a fake hand grenade.
Elizabeth wants to take Mark home, but he refuses.
Melkur has now taken over as the Keeper of Traken.
Morbius lives once more, but as a rampaging beast.
Pratt and Chen's dinner is invaded by her parents.
PC Principal and Jimmy butt heads over censorship.
Palace intrigue swirls around the time travellers.
Phoebe dates a diplomat who doesn't speak english.
she gets underway but annoys the other passengers.
and because she's ovulating and wants to conceive.
In this case, it is an election campaign gone bad.
One of the lifeguards dismantles a nuclear device.
However, his new enterprise may cost him his life.
Chandler arranges a bachelor party for his cousin.
she breaks up with him because it's just too icky.
she likes him, but he thinks she's a big dull dud.
Joey finds a stub for a $check to a ring designer.
Ross, Monica, Joey, and Chandler leave for London.
Sergeant Baker arrives at the camp with his Moose.
Leonard learns a new technique to influence Penny.
Mark and Gallant treat members of a boxing family.
Murdock took the bullet while protecting Hannibal.
But are the Movellans really on the Doctor's side?
And an evil force barters for possession of Tegan.
The Doctor and his companions are aboard Terminus.
But he comes to an awful realization about Xoanon.
But the Collector has one last trump card to play.
Vesuvius, and is faced with a great moral dilemma.
But the creature are relentlessly closing the gap,
The Time Lords have decided to execute the Doctor.
SuperMonica finally gets Emma to go back to sleep.
What will Cartman do when they all gang up on him?
The mystery surrounding the strange skull deepens.
Louis, is accused of skimping on her IRS payments.
Rachel and Joey giggle over the term Homo-Erectus.
Santos doesn't have such trouble with the athlete.
It was supposed to air on May 14, 2006 at 7pm EST.
Sam tutors C.J. on the finer points of the census.
The Valeyard's plan is finally moving to fruition,
Monsters and drug smugglers are loose on the ship.
Carter shows interest in med student Harper Tracy.
A feisty patient takes Morris into her confidence.
Also, Winchester befriends a patient who stutters.
With the Doctor still human, only Martha can help.
Abby daydreams about what Carter's up to in Africa.
Weaver is granted custody of Henry for the weekend.
Mark finds cigarettes and condoms in Rachel's room.
Teller returns, sending Gates and Ray on a mission.
An evil alien presence is feeding off the wargames.
Meanwhile, Santos must choose a new Vice President.
and Bartlet cleans Ritchie's clock in their debate.
Much to his displeasure, Mac and Frank follow suit.
But WOTAN's plan is only hours away from execution.
the search for a new Vice President is accelerated.
Carla calls together her former classmates from St.
Doug cares for a four-year-old Asian boy with AIDS.
Luka calls Carter from the Congo and asks for help.
Will anything ever be the same in South Park again?
This time he gets sent to anger management therapy.
When he awakens, he believes he has psychic powers.
Greg helps this case by doing some undercover work.
her parents come into the bathroom and fool around.
Ross is Spudnik, or is he doody?. Rachel is Rachel.
Ross arranges to do laundry with Rachel and Monica.
Rachel counters by dating Josh, a much younger man.
This leads Ross and Rachel to a similar discussion.
Joey decides he better talk with Ross about Rachel.
Charlie gets into it with an attorney over the law.
Meanwhile, Dennis and Charlie hitch a ride to town.
Fonzie comes to think that he is allergic to girls.
Roger talks to her and finds out that she is a nun.
Ross gets Joey a job as a Tour Guide at the museum.
Jeanie discovers she may have contracted hepatitis.
Hawkeye hits Major Burns and Houlihan is a witness.
Henry Winkler hosts this 90-minute reunion special.
Obviously, it's time for the Doctor to investigate,
Hathaway comforts a burn victim in his dying hours.
And Donna has a memorable encounter with a chicken.
Joanie prepares some home movies to send to Richie.
Ross gets the call anyway, but doesn't tell Rachel.
Rachel, Phoebe, and Joey practice receiving awards.
The gang decides to do secret Santa for each other.
The Underdog balloon breaks free during the parade.
Phoebe gets involved but that just confuses things.
Ross and Chandler go to a college alumni gathering.
Kassia now poised to take Tremas's place as Keeper.
The boys try to help Kyle's dad to get an erection.
Carol treats a pregnant waitress with no insurance.
Abby, Lewis and Chen go to a concert to decompress.
When they return, Lister, Cat and Kryten disappear.
Can the Doctor work out where they are coming from?
Lucas becomes a crusader in the fight against AIDS.
Weaver appoints herself as Susan's personal mentor.
But they must now fight the virus on its own level.
Joey can't stand having Janice around all the time.
Ross worries about whether he can be a good father.
Meanwhile Scully conducts an autopsy on a dead cat.
However, it doesn't go as smoothly as they thought.
On a routine patrol, Angel stakes a female vampire.
The A-Team finds a lot of hidden gold in the hills.
Oz visits L.A. with a present for Angel from Buffy.
Can the Doctor help the Pels liberate their planet?
unfortunately, this plan doesn't go over very well.
Now, six years later he's back and needs a divorce.
Kate gets a job offer in L.A. and decides to leave.
Rachel contemplates her upcoming marriage to Barry.
Chandler and Joey convince Ross not to tell Rachel.
Phoebe brings over a friend's dog to cheer Joey up.
Chandler just turned 30. Joey cried and blamed God.
The next day he goes to surgery severely hung over.
The Nimons are launching their invasion of Skonnos.
However, this time, the Doctor doesn't have a plan,
This is where I was born, and this is where I died.
Santos and Vinick battle it out in prime time live.
Abby pleads with him to stay, but he leaves anyway.
Meanwhile, Frank and Dee go into business together.
Leonard and Priya try a long-distance relationship.
Shelly gets chicken pox and has to be hospitalized.
Meanwhile, Bashir encounters a former school rival.
The A-Team has to escape and prove their innocence.
And even the natives don't seem to know what to do,
An ancient enemy awaits them, deep below the tower,
Meanwhile, Steven tries to escape from the Drahvin.
But plots are afoot that endanger all of them^aEUR|
Carol's spirits are lifted by a Santa-like patient.
The Marshal blackmails the Doctor into helping him.
But once they do, they may not be allowed to leave!
The TARDIS crew work to foil the Daleks' evil plan.
And the inhabitants of the planet are on their way,
The barren planet Exxilon, some time in the future.
Meanwhile the cops see Manson and the chase begins.
The camp is under fire and is swamped with wounded.
The details of Mestor's terrible plan are revealed.
Suspicion immediately falls on the child's parents.
Joey continues causing additional injuries to Ross.
Greg demands that Jeanie choose between him and Al.
The strict mentor of a piano prodigy is found dead.
The tractators are close to fulfilling their plans.
Through flashbacks, we see much of Angel's history.
Charlie remains on the hunt for an inaugural Bible.
Bartlet sneaks out to do some last minute shopping.
He tells her to make a list about him, so she does.
Alex gets involved in the case of a student's rape.
The man was a competitor in a word game tournament.
A conservative democratic senator switches parties.
Sandy gets Weaver to admit that she's lost a friend.
A teenager is found murdered on a construction site.
It's up to Xena and a drugged Gabrielle to save him.
Abby takes her anger, and need for comfort, to Luka.
Abby and Neela spend 21 days on their NICU rotation.
Carter struggles to get out of Chicago to join Abby.
Meanwhile, Frank decides to take care of a sick Dee.
He asks Richie to do his homework and cheat for him.
Anxieties runs high in both camps over Election Day.
Bartlet's decision about Haiti falls under scrutiny.
Believing Luka is dead, Carter returns to the Congo.
Gillian accompanies Luka on a plane home to Chicago.
She becomes a street musician, outside Central Perk.
Bigon reveals Monarch's terrible plan to the Doctor.
Grissom prepares to leave on a four-week sabbatical.
Chandler and Joey meet Ursula, Phoebe's twin sister.
Chandler and Ross arm wrestle to see who's toughest.
Eric breaks up with Ursula and starts seeing Phoebe.
Klinger tries to get out of the army by getting fat.
Stabbings on a college campus bring girls to the ER.
Carter also finds a place to live, with Dennis Gant.
Meanwhile, Rimmer and Kryten install a new computer.
Ralph tells Fonzie that the dog, Spunky, was stolen.
Fonzie's dog, Spunky, appears depressed and distant.
The Doctor returns and claims the vacant presidency.
These cases are not as disparate as they first seem.
In order to make good, Gunn must surrender his soul.
Hawkeye and Trapper recover from an all night party.
Finally, Radar trades the barbecue for an incubator.
Nancy comes on to Hawkeye while Henry is in surgery.
aided by Josh, Toby's father seeks a reconciliation.
A bomb tech disarms a bomb attached to Nick's house.
Kate and Leo clash over the advice she's giving Jed.
Monica will take more pictures of everyone together.
Monica and Chandler continue trying to get pregnant.
Ross and Rachel discuss possible names for the baby.
Plus he has to eat all those perishables by himself.
After the initial shock, he consents to the divorce.
Sheldon and Howard bond over Howard's model rockets.
Light has awoken from his slumber in the space ship.
But alliances are shifting with each passing moment.
Mark and Elizabeth spend their first night together.
he takes her to Hawaii to show her where he grew up.
Greg and Jeanie agree to continue seeing each other.
Phoebe is irked by all the fun she missed in London.
The duck gets sick after eating Rachel's face cream.
Ross gets kicked in the head by a kid on the swings.
Kovac and Dubenko disagree on a patient's treatment.
Joey and Janine spend time with Monica and Chandler.
but he's only a phone jockey and not even on camera.
Monica and Phoebe try out a painless leg waxing kit.
Ross finds out Emily is engaged to be married again.
Phoebe contemplates changing her surname to Hanigan.
In Rachel's depression, she sleeps with Paolo again.
The girls don't do so well, but they want a rematch.
Richie finds that he has a problem asking girls out.
Kerry initiates a search for her biological parents.
Phoebe makes her own dollhouse, but it catches fire.
Ross and Rachel have a new nanny, Molly, who is hot.
Rachel continues to fight with her co-worker, Gavin.
Doctor Max Rosher ingratiates himself with Anspaugh.
Season Premiere, Pratt's car crashes into the river.
Stuart and Raj turn to the Internet for dating help.
Skaro, the Dalek homeworld, some time in the future.
Carter becomes upset when she confesses this to him.
At work, they discover an outbreak of meningococcus.
But how to land this plane, when Murdock is blinded?
After the mission she gets invited to join the team.
The only problem is they both claim it is their son.
The Daleks have awoken Davros in the heart of Skaro.
But a mysterious masked figure lurks in the shadows.
But evil forces are stirring within Paradise Towers,
But what are the officers and what do they race for?
The Dominators prepare to destroy the planet Dulkis.
The Dwarfers enter the final length of their search.
The death of a priest threatens to start a gang war.
The Face of Boe tells his final words to the Doctor.
The Doctor works to find a way to save both species.
Doug hooks up with a pharmaceuticals representative.
The boys have hit a crossroads with their band Moop.
And he and his crew are dying of radiation sickness.
The gang arrives at the hospital for Phoebe's labor.
Lewis spends time with Sean, as his time winds down.
On the way back, BJ is introduced to the Korean War.
Fred is offered big bucks to solve a demonic puzzle.
Meanwhile, the Rangers seek to stop an Ecstasy ring.
With Leonard mad at Sheldon, he moves in with Penny.
Wolowitz tries to get back together with Bernadette.
The stunt will be televised on You Wanted to See It.
Xena helps Salmoneus, when a warlord wants him dead.
Jessica is asked to use his notes to finish his book.
Mark picks up Rachel at school after she's suspended.
Sam is confused by her ex's attempts to win her back.
A renegade S.W.A.T. unit can be hired to kill people.
Neela assists Luka, then Dubenko, with the kidnapper.
But why's he here, and what's happened to the TARDIS?
He just have problem crushing the ambassador's alibi.
Susan accuses Mark of being grumpy with his patients.
Sam returns, unsure of what the future holds for her.
Bartlet plays hardball to end the genocide in Kuhndu.
Also, Carter meets a new pedes intern, Rena Trujillo.
It soon turns out the man had a serious food problem.
Then Joey can't get past the baby protection devices.
Benton treats his junior high school science teacher.
But a strange and deadly figure lurks in the shadows,
The problem is that he's already tried it and failed.
Ray's youthful friend returns and creates a nuisance.
This shows him M*A*S*H has fun but gets the job done.
En route, Doug and Jeanie survive their own accident.
Carol deals with constant phone calls from her nanny.
Radar, of course, provides his usual invaluable help.
She arrives for the weekend, and Henry shows her off.
Identical twins are found murdered on the same night.
However, she is unaware that the studio shoots nudes.
But the piece falls off during Joey's final audition.
Rachel has plans to go to Vale to be with her family.
Pressured by the staff, an angry Abby confronts Luka.
Kirk and the Enterprise must combat parasitic aliens.
Meanwhile, a male nurse has a gripe against the army.
Brenner continues to cause problems for the ER staff.
Kryten finds himself going through a mid-life crisis.
Leonard asks Penny out on an impromptu romantic date.
Abby, on her ER rotation, agrees to study with Neela.
Luka accuses a pregnant girl's father of beating her.
The women of the ER take some time for stress relief.
Benton talks with his lawyer about having a DNA test.
Mandy needs Toby's help to replace a dead panda bear.
He and Rachel began talking about their relationship.
She decides to keep them, over Chandler's objections.
B.J. consoles her, and they spend the night together.
Lister tells Rimmer to go away and he takes the exam.
Peladon is now under the control if the Ice Warriors.
Chandler and Ross realize they aren't in the wedding.
Soon afterwards, power fluctuations grip the station.
he claims the monkey as his own until Luisa shows up.
Monica and Chandler take Joey to see their new house.
Rachel, tired of being a waitress, sends out resumes.
Romano promotes Corday to Associate Chief of Surgery.
Peter and Carla meet with a psychologist about Reese.
Once there, they realize Rachel is at Newark airport.
Ross discovers the fate of his childhood pet, Chichi.
Janice buys Chandler candy hearts for Valentines Day.
Doug is stood up by his father for a basketball game.
Sisko discovers the legendary Bajoran city of B'hala.
Gowron overthrows Martok's command of Klingon forces.
Some Irish militants are trying to kill a peacemaker.
Stan's life is a shambles both at home and in school.
The rescue attempt results in the death of a crewman.
a move which threatens to cripple the Ferengi Empire.
Who's better to pretend to be a painter than Murdock?
The Doctor and Jamie are prisoners of the Dominators.
But can he stop Stahlman before he destroys this one?
But he may be too late to stop their elaborate plans.
They find it has been devastated by giant gastropods.
Collecting the first segment is not going to be easy,
But Dodo is carrying a deadly pathogen from the past,
The TARDIS is adrift, the crew turning on each other.
Josh interviews a candidate to replace Ainsley Hayes.
The alien space station J7, the mid-1980s Earth time.
Now, all they need is a head, and it has to be fresh,
The camp prepares for a visit from General MacArthur.
They also will have to keep the ranch up and running.
One of the simulants is still alive and attacks them.
The gang talks about what they did over the holidays.
Meanwhile, Lilah tries to strike a deal with Angelus.
Penny and Bernadette invite Amy to their girls night.
Mechanoids within, Daleks without and fungoids below.
Bartlet appoints Will Deputy Communications Director.
staff pranks abound on Amy's first day at the office.
Xena also learns the secret of her baby's conception.
Her songs are a little too real for the kids' parents.
A case of apparent spousal abuse is not what it seems.
Grissom and Nick work to discover the 'vampire killer.
Mark remains deeply affected by the loss of a patient.
And wouldn't you know, the comedian is Klinger's hero!
A vengeful patient steals a tank and heads for County.
He finally decides to tell Corday about his condition.
Hawkeye is appalled to learn that he must carry a gun.
but his wedding shoes are so slippery, he can't dance.
They blame it on Weaver for not answering their pages.
Chachi is shocked and vows to get to the bottom of it.
Alex and Walker make their final wedding preparations.
Amy crushes on one of Penny's dim ex-boyfriends, Zack.
Josh's determination to pass a welfare bill costs Amy.
his tongue swells up and he has to go to the hospital.
She tries to solve the problem by taking up the habit.
Bishop Stewart grants him absolution before his death.
Cynthia takes Rachel to the dentist, and other places.
Doug makes a clumsy attempt at reconciling with Carol.
Weaver offers Abby a position as a full-time ER nurse.
Carol isn't sure she can go through with the delivery.
Lewis treats a death row inmate who wants a DNR order.
Cindy, a new girl in school, asks Richie to tutor her.
Classic British sci-fi adventure starring Colin Baker.
Weaver tracks her down at a bar, and the two make out.
Doctor Banfield defends herself ably during a mugging.
Doctor Amanda Lee, a prospective new ER chief, visits.
The defendant in Diane's murder case comes to the bar.
What dark secret does the local plastics factory hold?
Announcing to all that he is Damien, the son of Satan.
Everyone arrives at the hospital for Carol's delivery.
Meanwhile, a strange, insectile demon stalks the crew.
Can Xena stop Callisto and save Gabrielle's innocence?
17, 1956, which just happens to be Grissom's birthday.
They arrive less than an hour after the woman's death.
Hawkeye and Frank argue over Frank's surgical ability.
But of course, someone always needs the Slayer's help,
he tries to get him interested in more masculine toys.
Ross and Emily set a wedding date just one month away.
Gates's home life intrudes on the ER, affecting Neela.
Kryten, to his own disappointment convinces her to go.
Donna helps with the President's weekly radio address.
Lister and Rimmer are constantly getting into trouble.
Pratt struggles to cope with his brother's coming out.
Luka treats a woman who awakens after a six-year coma.
She phones Fonzie at Arnold's and says she is in jail.
He had told Marion that she was an old spinster woman.
Mark undergoes a tense deposition with the Law family.
Chandler wants Monica to wear the earings he gave her.
Phoebe and Ross date a couple who're getting divorced.
But the longer she wears them, the more pain she's in.
Phoebe asks Rachel if she can set Ross up with Bonnie.
Later, Rachel finds out Bonnie now has plenty of hair.
part of the Syndicate's conspiracy with an alien race.
He tries to claim the cat, but it obviously isn't his.
Kira and Damar come to blows over Ziyal and Gul Dukat.
she has to chose between it and the catering business.
they console each other, and end up sleeping together.
Phoebe starts dating Monica's new assistant chef, Tim.
To make it up to her, Mr Geller gives her his Porsche.
Rachel packs her things and moves to Ross's apartment.
Rebecca dreams of a perfectly romantic day with Robin.
Richie is falsely accused of being the Kissing Bandit.
Carter diagnoses a med student with Hodgkin's disease.
Lister goes to face his death, but doesn't get killed.
The first nineteen years of my life, nothing happened.
Ross interferes with Carol's and Susan's Anniversary .
Monica, Chandler, and Joey spend the day on the beach.
She tries but can't decide which one to break up with.
Ross, Joey, and Chandler go on a ride-along with Gary.
Carter and Abby kiss after being quarantined together.
Her response to seeing him is to ask for her key back.
In his absence, Dax is left in command if the station.
A strange creature is sleeping there, ready to emerge,
For some reason, the chief scientist is a bit on edge.
Neela saves the life of one of her fellow researchers.
The Captain and Xanxia work toward their secret goals.
The Doctor and Romana are trapped in the Nimon's lair.
But even if they succeed, a dangerous foe awaits them,
But restoring him is going to put them in great peril,
The Doctor must face his most difficult challenge yet.
The Doctor returns to the caves to find the silurians.
But forces within UNIT itself are working against him.
The Doctor, Peri and Lang follow Edgeworth to Jaconda.
Lucy comes into the ER to work but is extremely tired.
The Great Intelligence demands the Doctor's surrender.
It is all the Doctor can do to mitigate the slaughter,
The TARDIS returns to the Ark 700 years after it left.
But she finds herself needing the Doctor's assistance,
Later, when he learns it's Rachel, he proposes to her.
The boys start to brag about their Halloween costumes.
The gang argues the virtues of Mr Peanut and Mr Salty.
The gang decides to take up sky diving as a diversion.
The gang have a new scheme and Frank tries to keep up.
The harmonic bliss of Traken is about to be shattered.
And how do you prove that the bull is a murder weapon?
Despite this intrigue, the roof does not get repaired.
Then they receive mangled papers and smashed packages.
A charity motorcyle ride features Walker and Trivette.
For Winchester it could be a matter of life and death.
Mark and Chuny discover that they have a lot in common.
However, Chakotay has no memory of ever having met her.
Abby discovers that Carter paid her med school tuition.
He grants it but doesn't think she'll want to marry Al.
Phoebe is kept awake by the smoke alarm that won't die.
But the Doctor may go too far in changing a man's life,
BA finds a girl lost in L.A. so he decides to help her.
A confrontation with the Master has fatal consequences,
To survive, the Doctor must not only solve the mystery.
Bus trips are not always as relaxing as they should be.
Cliff believes that Hitler has moved into his building.
Carol learns a valuable lesson from a leukemia patient.
Carter is back in Chicago and has brought Kem with him.
Benton gets competitive with another surgical resident.
Cartman asks the tough questions and gains a following.
Cartman has become depressed about not having a father.
Cartman finds a prot'eg'e to help him in his endeavors.
This reminds Ross of the time he was mugged as a child.
this time the contest is for Boston's Best Bloody Mary.
The gang encounter danger and get real with each other.
Greene later discovers that his father has lung cancer.
Benton and Jackie decide to put their mother in a home.
Chef has to intervene and clear things up for the kids.
Domestic troubles cause problems for Greene and Corday.
Mark anxiously waits for Susan to return from vacation.
Doctor Ross wants to become an ER pediatrics attending.
Ephiny's spirit visits Gabrielle and asks for her help.
A by-product of this gives Xena the power to kill Gods.
The case appears cut and dry, but Fonzie isn't so sure.
But why? And who is the Player in the Game of Rassilon?
Holly Gribbs, fresh out of the academy, joins the team.
Kim's mother turns up at the orphanage looking for him.
Meanwhile, Sheila sees what Gerald's been up to online.
Kate extents a hand of friendship and support to Donna.
Meanwhile, with his friends on dates, Raj feels lonely.
He has a live-in girlfriend, who is a former rock star.
and Randy's being priced out of town by gentrification.
Former series star ROB LOWE guest stars as Sam Seaborn.
Jane Galloway is a nervous breakdown waiting to happen.
Jed and Haffley meet and reach an accord on the budget.
she ends up being fired and he turns out to be married.
Monica tries to stay busy to keep her mind off Richard.
He doesn't want to take advantage of her, so he leaves.
it sounds good, but it doesn't change the way he feels.
Rebecca plans to hold a Thanksgiving dinner at the bar.
They plot to allow the enlisted men access to the club.
Benton learns he was not awarded the Starze Fellowship.
Benton decides to join Keaton's pediatric surgery team.
Rachel came in, and Ross forgot to turn off the camera.
They constantly argue about their dates' bad qualities.
Ross plans to win back Emily by sending romantic gifts.
Mrs Bing gives Rachel advice on writing romance novels.
Monica begins to make wedding plans with Rachel's help.
Phoebe invites herself, Ross, and Rachel along as well.
Joey learns life lessons from the nanny's puppet shows.
The teacher, Sarah is quickly impressed by her talents.
Abby makes a surprising decision at the end of the day.
if Ross's wife Carol hadn't realized she was a lesbian.
Grissom and Brass get a stolen hummer and a taco stand.
her husband, B.A.'s old college rival, has disappeared.
Part 2 begins with Rimmer putting his plan into action.
Meanwhile, back in Chicago, Jeanie's condition worsens.
She declines, so he goes to the coffee shop on his own.
however, it turns out it was taken by a different bird.
Phoebe is driven crazy by her wedding planner,, Monica.
Gates treats a young woman with serious heart problems.
Both Neela and Pratt make mistakes with their patients.
Rachel and Phoebe spot Chandler with a blonde stranger.
He decides to wait by the car until the owner shows up.
Joey decides to try it out, but takes it a bit too far.
Later he has second thoughts and gets the lock changed.
The girls decide they want in on the guys' poker games.
Then at the third game, the girls are going down again.
Randy works as a security guard at the South Park Mall.
That's what I though, but then came the Army of Ghosts.
Ross pours out his heart to her, but she leaves anyway.
Ross and Rachel have a party for Emma's first birthday.
Ross tells Rachel he's taken care of it, but he hasn't.
They get along great, and they both really like cheese.
She goes anyway, and discovers that Phoebe works there.
The custody battle for Henry Lopez goes before a judge.
Lucy is confronted by Penny over her break up with Raj.
Leonard is crushed when Penny dates a colleague of his.
A girl Wolowitz has a major crush on falls for Leonard.
Things don't stay simple when jealousy enters the plan.
Harper leaves for an OB rotation at Parkland in Dallas.
Charlie brings a neighbor's baby into the Healthmobile.
Unfortunately, Jack has other plans for the parachutes.
Can it strike before the Doctor and Ian are robotized ?
But Stevens is determined to silence them, at any cost!
But Salamander's suspicions and schemes are relentless,
The Doctor and his companions explore Monarch's vessel.
But something is odd about the seemingly tranquil city,
The Doctor is brought to Rome to play for Emperor Nero.
And the Atrian-Zeon war is approaching an awful climax.
But the robot is committed to carrying out his mission,
Luka later tracks down Brian and threatens to kill him.
Cartman starts a new business, the business of revenge.
Sam discusses the problem of Laurie with Josh and Toby.
The Bartlets hear Ellie's heapful of good and bad news.
The boys call upon Jesus to do battle with this menace.
The gang visit a waterpark and Dennis gets a prot'eg'e.
The hospital suffers through a series of power outages.
The last sound the producer hears is not from a record.
A strange and deadly pit await those who displease her.
The rebel attack on the Daleks goes disastrously wrong.
Brass believes that Sara may have some type of problem.
And it all seems to tie in with Tryst's electronic zoo,
Her grandmother knows where he lives, and it's not far.
Mark and Susan care for a dog hit by Officer Grabarsky.
Nick works on the case of a man found dead in his home.
Nick tackles the murder of a computer company employee.
Greene is furious to learn about his competency review.
As the months pass, they give up hope of being rescued.
However, aboard Voyager, only a few hours have elapsed.
He decides it's time to give up such childish pursuits.
Doctor Jenna Jacobs, whose doctorate is in English Lit.
Worf, Dax, Leeta, Quark and Bashir pay a visit to Risa.
A disease rages among the survivors of the doomed Earth.
A mysterious explosion has knocked the TARDIS into void.
Gillian visits Luka, and Sam is none too happy about it.
A vicious criminal above, a fire-breathing dragon below.
Most of the ER staff play in a softball game after work.
Abby's attitude begins to affect and alienate the staff.
Carter saves Abby after an explosion in exam room three.
Being an old fashioned guy, Al asks Chachi's permission.
But the military tribunal isn't interested in the truth.
Raj and Howard argue over who'd be the better superhero.
At Buffy's 19th birthday party, Giles has a realization.
Can the Doctor and Dalios stop him before it's too late?
Abbey and Bartlet discuss his running for a second term.
Damar learns that his family was killed by the Dominion.
Ross has an allergic reaction to Monica's Kiwi Lime Pie.
E. Ray worries that an MRI test gave him negative karma.
Carol and Doug announce their relationship to the staff.
Corday and Greene try to work around a surgeon shortage.
His target is Student Body President, Wendy Testaburger.
they end up partying backstage afterwards with the band.
Joey makes good use of his Word of the Day toilet paper.
Unfortunately, there's only one condom in the apartment.
A patient's call creates friction between Luka and Abby.
However, things are far more complicated than they seem.
And Doctor Cahill is the only other cigar smoker around.
Neela and Ray treat three kids with a suspicious father.
What ancient force has the station reactor re-energised?
But his behaviour is erratic and his motives mysterious.
Carter returns to work and later visits his grandmother.
Heavy rains in Vegas wash up a body in the storm drains.
It's Halloween in South Park again, and all is not well.
Luckily for Janice's new husband, Sid, he's mostly deaf.
Ross and Rachel continue to bicker about their break-up.
Monica introduces Chandler to the art of relaxing baths.
Joey is hurt when he finds out Chandler doesn't like it.
Jumper-wearing pop sensation Eoin McLove comes to visit.
Gallant is doing a ride-along with Morales and Bardelli.
Kids block their parents from spousal homicide TV shows.
Luka departs for the Congo after saying goodbye to Abby.
Meanwhile, Cartman doesn't even have a regular iPad yet.
Private investigator Harry McGraw's partner is murdered.
Lilith returns to Frasier only to find him with Rebecca.
Mac, Dennis and Dee try out for the Philadelphia Eagles.
The ER is filled with more refugees from Southside, Drs.
Luka faces the ER in the aftermath of the Ames incident.
Brenner gains a deep insight into his painful childhood.
Henry gets a movie of his daughter's birthday from home.
Phoebe did love him, and finds those feelings returning.
Potsie secures an audition as a singer for a local club.
she finally gives in and begs her ex-husband to co-sign.
Ross is happy that Carol has found a new friend,, Susan.
Ross makes it pretty obvious that he still loves Rachel.
Rachel continues to struggle with her feelings for Joey.
Everyone has to hold her down and force her to use them.
he writes a poem for Monica which isn't very flattering.
Phoebe's psychic tells her she's going to die this week.
And the Doctor and Sarah are caught in the middle of it.
Meanwhile, Howard and Marion argue about women's rights.
Richie, Potsie, and Ralph get an apartment of their own.
Ross' story about how he proposed to Rachel touches her.
He becomes such a nuisance that he gets thrown out, too.
Carter arrives late and unprepared for his new position.
Seven of Nine is led to a place known as Unimatrix Zero.
They only re-emerge in our universe every century or so.
Susan's last day in the ER finds Mark unsure of himself.
Everything seems to go easily, till the final big fight.
The Bartet clan attempts to gather for a holiday dinner.
The CSIs must help the victim's partner find the killer.
There may be a way home, but the cost could be terrible,
But what is the secret of the ancient Earthlings aboard?
The Doctor forces a final confrontation with the Master.
Can he escape in time to save Earth in his own universe?
But Secretary Walker has already decided to start a war,
Weaver receives a surprise visit from an African friend.
The Vice President refuses to fall in line with Bartlet.
Phoebe thinks it belongs to Tag, Rachel's old boyfriend.
The deep-space trading post of Iceworld, the far future.
An ambulance comes and takes his body off to the morgue.
Things are complicated when Kira falls in love with him.
Also, Sara returns to Las Vegas when she hears the news.
The president of Indonesia is honored at a state dinner.
At the polar cap, the Doctor's friends prepare to fight.
And the only two left are Ethan Rayne, and Rupert Giles.
The gang is shocked to hear the news, especially Rachel.
The key to destroying them may lie in Turlough's memory,
This causes problems when they try to impress two girls.
Josh and Sam build a fire with unfortunate consequences.
Benton and Jeanie's secret relationship comes to a head.
Chandler accuses Kathy of sleeping with her leading man.
Banfield ponders her choices about expanding her family.
Meanwhile, Walker and Trivette hunt an escaped prisoner.
However, something is amiss during the entire situation.
Tweek and Craig, it turns out, do not know how to fight.
Sheldon and Penny are not happy with these arrangements.
Cartman is sincerely disturbed when Kenny is taken away.
Xena decides it's time to stop Caesar, once and for all.
Sara believes they have a case of spontaneous combustion.
Jenn prepares to move to Milwaukee and start her new job.
Benton informs Jackie he's hired a helper for his mother.
A new Chief shakes up the ER and is impressed with Susan.
A new student in Mr Garrison^aEURTMs class has a problem.
A piece of sculpture does double duty as a murder weapon.
The case is a missing woman who aspired to be a showgirl.
Romano discusses grave options about his arm with Corday.
Meanwhile, the Reynolds start their own internet podcast.
The answer lies at the bombsite, but time is running out,
An artist is murdered and his prized painting is missing.
But can the whole situation really be the Doctor's fault?
Angel investigates rumors of renegade cops out for blood.
Toby continues to press his case with a resistant Andrea.
The Master is on the brink of summoning a fearsome power,
Caleb launches an attack against Buffy at Sunnydale High.
Chloe announces she's moving to Texas with her boyfriend.
Rachel Greene is in town, ostensibly to look at colleges.
Abby meets Jake's extended family at his niece's baptism.
Rachels gets a sonogram but can't tell where the baby is.
Phoebe's goes really well but Chandler has a harder time.
unfortunately, he's stoned and the evening is a disaster.
Phoebe has a bad cold which makes her singing voice sexy.
Gates invites Sam and Alex to move in with him and Sarah.
Carter attempts to mediate between his bickering parents.
They discover that he will need a bone marrow transplant.
What is the real agenda of Monarch, master of the vessel?
Delta tries to persuade Billy and Mel to help her people.
Lucy begins her surgery rotation under Benton's tutelage.
The two of them treat a man claiming to be 140-years-old.
Eddie's career was red-hot until he started dating Carla.
Meanwhile, Gabrielle learns a startling truth from Joxer.
As the spacecraft returns to Earth, what awaits on board?
Gallant and Neela have been exchanging letters regularly.
soon it becomes a contest, joined by Monica and Chandler.
Lucy regrets letting a choir director leave the hospital.
They discover the boy has siblings who are in danger too.
Howard wants to buy a bomb shelter to protect his family.
While Dougal tries to protect the corner-flag from Cyril.
Jed and the staff vet potential Supreme Court appointees.
Jed reflects on the days prior to his first inauguration.
unfortunately, Chip hasn't grown much since Lincoln High.
Joey thinks he can drink a gallon of milk in ten seconds.
It touches Rachel and gives her something to think about.
Meanwhile, Gerald is worried that his cover may be blown.
Meanwhile, Sheldon tries to scare the gang for Halloween.
Sheldon's hypochondriac tendencies get the better of him.
Lorne prepares the annual Wolfram & Hart Halloween Party.
Neela and Gates rush and unconscious Meg to the hospital.
New nurse Samantha Sam Taggart makes quite an impression.
Sam works to get a better policy on gays in the military.
Susan cares for Mark after his first radiation treatment.
Mark returns to work, physically and emotionally scarred.
Meanwhile Cliff finds a $20 note, and Woody has lost one.
But modern artefacts begin to turn up in the countryside.
Back on the station, Jake and Nog are moving in together.
Ross goes to the club and ends up kissing the Xerox girl.
Now she must decide whether the power is worth the price.
Back on the station, Leeta and Rom decide to get married.
Chandler tricks Monica and Phoebe into going to the play.
he goes out on the town and somehow hooks up with Janice.
Emma grows attached to Joey's stuffed toy penguin, Hugsy.
Chandler mistakenly reveals to the boy that he's adopted.
Bernadette and Amy have a girls' night out without Penny.
Meanwhile, Howard invents an unflattering game about Raj.
This takes them to a car dealership where the man worked.
However, he soon senses that things are not as they seem.
Carol and Jeanie square off over the care of a transient.
This mission almost runs them into Decker's headquarters.
The CSI's team investigates the murder of a ghost hunter.
The Doctor and Jo work to escape from the vile Miniscope.
But the murderous Captain seems to have plans of his own.
But in the real world, a vile plot is being hatched^aEUR|
But his opponents have decided to go after his companion,
The Doctor has little time left to stop the evil Monarch.
The Doctor now moves to completely overthrow the Company.
The Doctor programs himself with the ability to daydream.
The Doctor works to free his planet of the Vardan menace.
The Magellanic Clouds, the planet Ribos, an unknown time.
The Silurians launch a devastating attack on the seabase.
Escaping will mean a final confrontation with the Master.
the planet in fact has less than a day of life remaining,
Meanwhile, Cartman is found out and banned from the camp.
The air conditioning quits on the hottest day in October.
The awful truth of Salamander's plan is finally revealed.
however, this snowman is evil and begins a killing spree.
When Emma sleeps, Rachel misses her, so she wakes her up.
Meanwhile, Fonzie thinks about becomming a one-woman man.
Romano begs Corday to stay in surgery, instead of trauma.
Gates and Sam disagree over how to treat a young patient.
Hannibal has to decide fast, while he delivers the money.
Meanwhile, Leonard makes a very adult purchase for Penny.
Toby looks forward to meeting the new U.S. Poet Laureate.
The answers seem to lie in a dark and mysterious citadel,
And the brutal Rorvik thinks Romana is his key to escape,
He demands to see Walker, and taunts Alex while he waits.
Susan tries to juggle her work and care for Little Susie.
For a while it looks like no one will be moving anywhere.
Howard and Bernadette are tasked with watching Raj's dog.
Grissom, Catherine and Sara are called in to investigate.
When his garage gets a new owner, Fonzie decides to quit.
A subplot involves a reception for radio talk show hosts.
This could be the thing that destroys South Park forever.
Meanwhile, Brutus comes to a fatal decision about Caesar.
A Korean family set up camp in the middle of the compound.
A TV commercial featuring a Monkey reminds Ross of Marcel.
A cat-woman is killed and Dennis becomes the main suspect.
Luka enjoys Thanksgiving dinner with Sam and her son Alex.
Sara collects evidence from her and grows attached to her.
Abby's day ends with her sharing a beer with her neighbor.
He makes Xena his Empress and rules the world by her side.
However, he quits the tour after learning he has diabetes.
The Doctor must stop it, even at the cost of his own life,
An unseen force is taking over the Scoobies one at a time.
tensions arise between Walken's staff and Bartlet's staff.
Abbey is angry that Jed has decided to run for reelection.
Benton and Langworthy interview for the Starze Fellowship.
After talks with Radar, Billy agrees that he must live on.
Captain Janeway forges an unlikely alliance with the Borg.
Carter fumbles his first opportunity to observe a surgery.
Benton and Corday discover that they have a lot in common.
However, he later decides to stay in Chicago indefinitely.
Phoebe bumps into Ursula and learns she's getting married.
also prompting him to quit his job and return to New York.
Crozier's experiment approach their horrifying conclusion.
Beneath the Earth awaits something out of Turlough's past,
Dee tries to figure a way out of being audited by the IRS.
Rachel cleans the apartment by herself for the first time.
Phoebe makes the best oatmeal-raisin cookies in the world.
Meanwhile, B.J. has to perform a very difficult operation.
Frank's gun advocacy ignites a debate about gun ownership.
Frank's long-lost brother unexpectedly re-enters his life.
Giant guinea pigs are attacking cities all over the world.
she realizes it's time to quit working at the coffee shop.
Hannibal takes a role as actor in a low budget production.
Howard takes Raj along to check out the Goth dating scene.
They then decide to seek out a gang with similar feelings.
Monica goes out with Chip, Rachel's high school prom date.
but Charlie thinks it was Phoebe who has feelings for him.
he mistakenly cuts Chandler's door in half in the process.
Phoebe finds a guy for her, but so do Monica and Chandler.
Kerry and Pratt treat a little girl hit by a stray bullet.
Budget cuts force Luka to eliminate an attending position.
However, Pratt's erratic behavior makes Carter reconsider.
Ritchie tries to bait Bartlet on needle exchange programs.
Meanwhile, Penny comes to realize she was a bully herself.
Mark decides to use his remaining time to help fix Rachel.
he teaches her how to surf and how to drive a stick shift.
Meanwhile the pod has thawed and the occupant has escaped.
Joey does eventually finish the turkey, then has some pie.
Joey admits to his friends that his film's been shut down.
Rachel agrees since Bonnie's the girl who shaves her head.
if Chandler had quit his data entry job to pursue writing.
Who is the mysterious monk watching them from the shadows?
Ugly Naked Guy has a new hammock, and looks awfully still.
Rachel tries and tries again to get on a flight to London.
Joey and Kate spend the night talking and falling in love.
Mr Heckles is missing a waffle and saw Regis Philbin once.
Rachel leaves Barry at the alter and moves in with Monica.
They stop to see if they can find anything they recognize.
Meanwhile, Worf displays signs of violence and depression.
Corday and Greene bond on the way to a medical conference.
Rachel quickly swoons over Joey, aka Doctor Drake Ramoray.
Ross finds a growth on his body but can't tell what it is.
It backfires, but Rachel wants to live with Phoebe anyway.
Rachel is so sad that Ross still can't tell her the truth.
Phoebe foretells the future marriages of the entire group.
American Express provides limited commercial interruption.
Doctor Swift changes his mind and decides to support Mark.
Chen moves one step closer to the chief resident position.
Cleo cuts her hand while treating an HIV-positive patient.
Season Premiere, The ER treats victims of a gang shootout.
Carter acts quickly to save a man whose heart has stopped.
Leonard and Penny come up with a way to deal with Sheldon.
Stan snaps out of it and calls upon Jesus to help him out.
However, it has a disturbing impact on Data's personality.
Despite this difference, sparks begin to fly between them.
Worf goes missing, and Ezri steals a runabout to find him.
He realizes that he must shut down the black light system.
Can the Doctor stop them before all humanity is wiped out?
And Hawkeye is also charged with impersonating a reporter.
The TARDIS materialises in London in the mid-22nd century.
He has only a short time to discover who has betrayed him,
Leonard, Penny, Howard and Bernadette are going to dinner.
They decide to leave it till morning to decide what to do.
The cybermen have come to life deep in the tombs of Telos.
Dax is seriously injured, but kept alive by Doctor Bashir.
The lone holdout on a jury is found dead in the jury room.
The massive Kroll is awake and killing anyone in its path.
Can the Doctor help him discover the secret of the Melkur?
And somewhere out there is a blood-thirsty Celtic goddess.
The victim ends up being someone Warrick is familiar with.
Can they escape and perhaps even return to their own time?
Only Chef and the boys can save South Park, and the world.
The camp is led by elders from different sects of Judaism.
However, something in the void is trying to draw them out,
Un-aired and longer version of Cartman Gets an Anal Probe.
WOTAN is on the brink of launching its attack on humanity.
Walker must stop eco-terrorists out to destroy an oil rig.
Ross still doesn't tell Rachel that they're still married.
But Columbo isn't fooled, and the victim isn't quite dead.
Woody fears for his job when Sam hires a second bartender.
A teenager is brought in after being accidentally poisoned.
Pratt takes action after Leon is fired from his menial job.
Everyone gets together and persuades Charles to play poker.
Margaret Houlihan-Penobscott leaves for her honeymoon, Maj.
An elderly woman crashes her car into a crowded restaurant.
The Doctor must stop them before it creates real bloodshed,
Wild Willy Swift returns as a Synergix attending physician.
Foo Fighters play and Annabeth makes a startling discovery.
But can they get through to Varia with Ares corrupting her?
he turns out to be a psych patient who wandered downstairs.
Princess Kenny's betrayal has left Cartman out for revenge.
She and her mother move from L.A. to Sunnydale, California.
But there is more to Scarlioni's plans than a simple theft.
Chen's home nurse quits after Chen's dad behaves abusively.
A patient with 'spontaneous human combustion' catches fire.
Chandler and Kathy spend time alone together and they kiss.
Chandler feels so guilty that he refurnishes the apartment.
He has to convince the other buyer to trade rings with him.
What awaits him in the theoretical absurdity of hyperspace?
Corday goes into labor and delivers a baby girl named Ella.
Carol hires a nurse practitioner to help out in the clinic.
Professor Thascalos's TOMTIT project is nearing completion.
However, Nicha and Xenan are married and expecting a child.
Boy George and the rough South aren't the best combination.
With this success, Decker gets back on trail of the A-Team.
Weaver later confesses to Susan that she's taking hormones.
Gallant's sister is in town and Pratt hits it off with her.
Goth Kids sent to a camp where they are turned into 'Emos'.
Abby commits an error with a patient, costing him his life.
Things get complicated when a wino pretends to be Hannibal.
a freak accident causes Father Mulcahy to lose his hearing.
Charlie dates an attractive woman who's not what she seems.
It's been Eric Cartman's dream to join NASCAR all his life.
Phoebe reads the group's tea leaves to tell their fortunes.
Joey buys a big screen TV and two leather reclining chairs.
Joey falls while jumping on the bed and dislocates his arm.
Joey has an audition for a movie directed by Warren Beatty.
He finds out she's married, but decides to meet her anyway.
Sam is in her own world all day, and buys a pregnancy test.
Chen treats a high school student who overdosed on Ritalin.
Also, CJ must manage a crisis between China and Kazakhstan.
Carol and Tag discuss their vows and other wedding details.
Mark clashes with new attending physician Gabriel Lawrence.
Hawkeye has trouble deciding how to answer an angry letter.
Ross gets away with it, thanks to some emotional blackmail.
Unfortunately, the someone he eventually chooses is Scully.
Murdock has to stop a killer before his next assassination.
Murdock's doctor is kidnapped during one of their sessions.
Chandler is trapped in an ATM vestibule with Jill Goodacre.
Meanwhile Sam and Woody install a satellite dish at Cheers.
Except perhaps the Doctor and a crazy old man in the hills,
Events force Pratt and Dakarai to make a dangerous journey.
Howard provides assistance to Raj regarding his date Emily.
Rachel reveals that it was her drunken idea to get married.
to cover, Monica tells Rachel she's seeing a guy from work.
he's upset and confronts her, leading to a passionate kiss.
Rachel tells her dad she's pregnant and Ross is the father.
The dice bounce off the table and the roll is disqualified.
Ross confronts Chandler about his relationship with Monica.
at first Ross is angry, but he quickly sees the good in it.
Rachel strives to finish a crossword puzzle all by herself.
He visits his doctor, Chandler's doctor, and Phoebe's guru.
Chandler agrees to go, but the date turns out to be Janice.
Ross has an important night but no one else is ready to go.
She stays and waits for Ross to return so she can tell him.
Chloe disappears again, abandoning little Susie with Susan.
The ER is being rennovated, causing Weaver to scream a lot.
A new intern arrives unexpectedly, and Gates is reassigned.
However, Corday is the only one to suspect something wrong.
Series Premiere, Susan treats a baby in respiratory arrest.
Meanwhile, Raj and Howard create a fan page for their band.
Sidney helps talk around a soldier who wants to kill Frank.
It even forces Sharon to explore a new interest of her own.
Meanwhile, Data tries to understand what humor truly means.
However, the fugitive's actions may not be of his own will.
However, this experimental technique may cost him his life.
Picard realizes that Q is behind these shifts through time.
The 4077th can't escape the Korean War, even in its dreams.
Amid the falling trees, Murdock is on the hunt for Bigfoot.
The Cunninghams and Fonzie go on vacation to Lake Pinewood.
But someone is sabotaging their work every step of the way.
The Doctor and his companions arrive on the planet Marinus.
The Doctor fights to stop the Master from changing history.
But a second enemy may thwart his efforts to save everyone,
And Sarah discovers the awful truth behind the colony ship.
The real killer lurks in the shadows, his eye now no Nyssa,
The TARDIS crew head north to the Daleks' mining operation.
He's depressed because he and his girlfriend just broke up.
The gang celebrates Halloween at Stuart's comic book store.
The gang enters therapy to deal with their numerous issues.
Ross has a hard time getting time or attention from Marcel.
The gang's faith is tested as Charlie's mom combats cancer.
The kid's become aware of this and set out to save the day.
Three members of an Earth expedition have already vanished.
Meanwhile Nick makes a major decision regarding his career.
The night shift is slow and lends help to Catherine's team.
However, Barbara learns that everything is not as it seems.
C.J. accidentally leaks information to a freshman reporter.
CJ tries to get the staff to revisit the hate crimes issue.
Turlough becomes the prisoner of the devious Captain Wrack.
Uncle Jimbo takes the boys on a hunting trip on a mountain.
WOTAN quickly sets in motion a plan to take over the world.
Its primary concern is forcing the Doctor into its service,
Cleo has gotten a better job 40 minutes outside of Chicago.
new CSI Julie Finlay showcases her skill in blood analysis.
Henry gets a tan and gives another sex orientation lecture.
Neela tells Brenner about her job offer from North Carolina.
The other part is the word Rosebud as uttered by the victim.
A fencing champion from France visits UWM for an exhibition.
And in their confusion, the crew are turning on one another.
A chance encounter with old friends Noel Furlong and the St.
The A-Team has to fight hard against this well trained unit.
Neela asks them to assist her intern with a personal matter.
After helping the Koreans, they are shelled on the way back.
Rimmer wakes with this new memory and believes it to be his.
But Zoe and Isobel are heading straight into the lion's den,
Back then, Toby's marriage to Andrea Wyatt was about to end.
B.J. almost becomes the surrogate father to a Korean family.
Leo publicly admits to his former alcoholism and drug abuse.
CJ waits anxiously for the administration's approval rating.
Phoebe and Monica plan a surprise birthday party for Rachel.
Cynthia's error forces the free clinic to open a week early.
Carol breastfeeds Ben, causing Joey and Chandler discomfort.
Rachel tries to be nicer to Julie, but is less than sincere.
Rachel tells her classmates at school that she has leukemia.
Doug mishandles helping a child with a schizophrenic mother.
Classic British sci-fi adventure starring Patrick Troughton.
Meanwhile, Mac decides to visit his father who is in prison.
The Doctor and Romana arrive in search of the third segment.
The Doctor can only hope not to get caught in the crossfire.
Chandler tries to comfort her, but isn't totally successful.
Kai Winn decides to join Dukat in following the Pah-wraiths.
Fonzie and Roger are dating the same girl but don't know it.
Kerry stops Doug from treating Jeanie, or any other patient.
Luka searches for the identity of the mugger that he killed.
one woman is dead in his hotel suite and another is missing.
Also, Grissom's reunion with Lady Heather makes Sara uneasy.
D makes the guys mock Wolowitz for not having one even more.
Not wanting to sit around, he gets a job at Fonzie's garage.
Marion asks Howard to consider letting her stay permanently.
Chandler freaks out about becoming the Bings and disappears.
It's a new year, and Buffy is matriculating at UC Sunnydale.
But Toba is out of control and threatening to kill them all,
And why is Global Chemicals determined to stop their rescue?
considers dropping out of refrigerator college to get a job.
She does meet someone, Jim, but her turns out to be a creep.
Chandler seeks advice on relationships from Rachel and Ross.
She and Phoebe try to get home before the guy calls for her.
Rachel dates Russ, who bears a striking resemblence to Ross.
Ross discovers that his Doctoral Thesis is in NYU's library.
But his new-found stardom goes to his head and he walks out.
Abby later tells him that she cannot be his sponsor anymore.
The staff finds out that Carter comes from a wealthy family.
Walt brings Benton's mother to the ER with a sprained ankle.
Mark is invited to join the staff as an attending physician.
Joey feels left out because they didn't ask him, so they do.
Monica is dysfunctional because of her breakup with Richard.
However, she discovers she has a half-brother, Frank Junior.
As an gift for Chandler, she gets them tickets to Las Vegas.
But the Master is using a brutal cult to destroy the Doctor,
Ross convinces her it will be okay, so they all go together.
he plays the overprotective father figure a little too well.
Monica tapes oven mits to their hands so they won't scratch.
He plans to build a new church, and his congregation builds.
Sam discovers that Julia has moved on in more ways than one.
Hawkeye and Trapper try to set him up with a date, but fail.
Ross dates a fantastically beautiful paleontologist, Cheryl.
Anspaugh arrives to perform surgery, and reattaches the arm.
Haleh and the other frustrated nurses teach Carter a lesson.
Stardate: Unknown A race known as the Pakleds kidnap Geordi.
He confronts Luka about her relapse, and Abby herself later.
And then there's the problem of a seriously wounded soldier,
Strangely Murdock isn't accused of being part of the A-Team.
The A-Team's effort to secure a valuable religious artifact.
The Banfields explore their options with an adoption agency.
In the meantime, the fate of Natalie Davis is being decided,
There they discover what drove the Ood to be a servant race.
But the Marshal has hostages against the Doctor's behaviour,
The Doctor and Romana begin to uncover the secrets of Zanak.
And their leader Styggron has plans for the time travellers,
But they find that everything is not quite as she told them.
The Doctor has only minutes to save her and the entire crew,
But somewhere out there a Martian invasion fleet approaches,
He decides to go to the central zone to unravel the mystery,
But the greater danger may come from within the TARDIS crew,
A junkie mother claims that Carol dropped her newborn child.
Meanwhile, Zoe and Jamie struggle to take back the moonbase.
The only choice for the Doctor is to go into the alien ship,
The Kraals launch their carefully-planned invasion of Earth.
The OR is filled with more wounded than the unit can handle.
The Silurians put in motion their plan to wipe out humanity.
The Doctor's first step is to cut them off from their fleet.
Josh asks Will and C.J. for a little help with the campaign.
The assassin sets out to get Walker for killing his partner.
The day after the wedding, everyone checks out of the hotel.
Pete buys a restaurant and offers Monica a job as head chef.
A young woman vanished, seemingly off the face of the earth.
Joey prepares to audition to play the part of a 19-year-old.
Meanwhile, Bernadette and Sheldon spend an evening together.
The story surrounding the mysterious monk begins to unravel.
And the Towers' robotic cleaners seem a bit overzealous too,
A boy and his father are injured in a construction accident.
Mr Tweek writes the report himself and gives it to the boys.
Chandler doesn't cry in sad movies, or for any other reason.
Valentine's Day in the ER finds Neela spellbound by Brenner.
He later visits Chase at his home, and admits his addiction.
Meanwhile Stan's parents are facing the troubles of divorce.
C.J. discovers that Simon Donovan is a very straight shooter
Meanwhile Mr Garrison is coming to grips wirh his sexuality.
A North Korean doctor arrives as one of a busload of wounded.
Pratt discovers a local church's risky drug exchange program.
A chemistry teacher's science experiment goes horribly wrong.
Gant appeals to Anspaugh after a public scolding from Benton.
Neela returns to work, and Moretti returns from a conference.
A roller coaster runs off its track, leaving six people dead.
Soon the A-Team has to face Michael Ironside and Brion James.
Abby and Moretti clash over how best to evaluate the interns.
Parents of twins return to China with only their healthy son.
Carter loses his RA job, forcing him to go apartment hunting.
Kerry receives a call from someone claiming to be her mother.
Ames takes action that creates tension between Luka and Abby.
Fortunately, the Chinese Doctor Lin Tam has a sense of humor.
One gifted student emerges as a star athlete in Sarcastaball.
Carter spreads rumors about an affair between Mark and Susan.
Beth Chadwick is tired of her brother Bryce running her life.
Can he act in time to save Nyssa? And which side is Adric on?
Weaver makes an appointment for a competency review for Mark.
Dawn figures out that something is wrong and wants the truth.
Carter and Lucy are found almost bleeding to death by Weaver.
Cartman finds a strange, yet annoying, creature in the woods.
The trail of his death soon leads to a hotdog-eating contest.
They found out he worked in a recovery center for drug users.
Ross, Monica, and Richard go to Jack Geller's birthday party.
Chandler and Monica announce their plans to move to Oklahoma.
Rachel tries to get Paul to open up and express his feelings.
While drunk, she leaves Ross a message saying she's over him.
Chandler wakes in the night to find Eddie watching him sleep.
Meanwhile, Norm and Vera make progress in their relationship.
Benton accidentally backs into a pedestrian at a gas station.
Carol hears an errant comment that strains her trust in Doug.
What is the true role of the Fendahl in humanity's evolution?
Ezri and Worf soon discover that they are to be put to death.
Meanwhile, Howard becomes a third wheel to Leonard and Penny.
He gives Richie the indication that this girl may be the one.
Fred's parents make a surprise visit to Angel Investigations.
Kerry tries to save a woman she believes is her birth mother.
Nearby, a miniature replica of the crime scene is discovered.
Howard and Al are co-chairmen of a Leopard Lodge fund-raiser.
He becomes enraged when Frederick takes Joanie out on a date.
Joey finds out he's scheduled to work the day of the wedding.
It is the end of summer vacation, and Buffy is still missing.
Attorney Herb Spivak returns to the ER, trolling for clients.
He is willing to do whatever's necessary to achieve his goal.
This backfires when Joey visits the office and confronts him.
the Yeti turns out to be Danny, a new tenent in the building.
She's so drop-dead gorgeous that Chandler can't stop staring.
Jed insists on signing a mountain of Christmas cards himself.
Neela's aorta surgery has caused an infection in her patient.
Meanwhile, Cho Lin, the Ping Pong champ, is engaged to Soony.
But there's something familiar about the evil stone creature,
he seeks comfort from his friends and advice from his father.
Monica fills in for a food critic in a small local newspaper.
He tells Fonzie that he can get quick cash but won't say how.
Potsie sets Richie up with a girl known to have a reputation.
Morris is dressed, and ready, to impress, but Albright's not.
Rachel breaks Joey's chair, Rosita so she buys him a new one.
A delivery of bananas leads everyone to Mr Heckles apartment.
Rebecca finds herself really attracted to a handsome plumber.
Carol and Luka treat a dying woman who wants to see a priest.
Fonzie attempts to prevent her from breaking his heart again.
Monica has a little trouble collecting payment from a client.
Ross agrees with the letter before he finds out what it says.
Season Premiere, Benton drops Carter off at rehab in Atlanta.
Weaver implements an incoherent system for tracking patients.
Third year med students arrive to complete their ER rotation.
Hawkeye decides to find a way of getting her away from Baker.
Sheldon's old laptop finally dies and Amy buys him a new one.
Jimmy and Rick Cartman are the anchors for Super School News.
Abby irks Ray by ordering a drug test on one of his patients.
Stardate: Unknown The Borg return to threaten the Federation.
Morris treats a couple who takes his advice a little too far.
Unfortunately, for Greg, the case has personal ramifications.
And there is no sign of the fifth segment of the Key to Time.
The Doctor and Romana finally venture into the Shadow's lair.
The Doctor and UNIT work toward recovering the space capsule.
The Doctor has arrived in the supposed safety of Castrovalva.
The Doctor has broken through the barrier and found the Tesh.
But it's Clara who learns what the Doctor is truly afraid of.
The Doctor works to unravel the myserious events on Alzarius.
They land on the planet Aridius, which holds a hidden menace.
Doug and Carol are trapped in the elevator with a sick child.
The Master has control of Atlantis and the crystal of Kronos.
The Mega-store that is Wall-Mart finally opens in South Park.
The Doctor, however, has other uses for this powerful object,
The Tigellans believe the Doctor has stolen the Dodecahedron.
Nothing can stop them and the Doctor has apparently vanished,
Trapper and Margaret get trapped in the Supply Tent together.
The daughter of King Lias, Diana, is the target of assassins.
Phoebe sees right through it but promises not to tell Monica.
The gang puts together a wrestling show for returning troops.
The inevitable finally happens, as Voyager enters Borg space.
Grissom, Catherine and Nick are pressured to produce results.
Gates has some adjusting to do when Sarah returns to Chicago.
But the Controller has prepared a terrible surprise for them,
Jimmy's going for the gold in the camp's surfing competition.
Meanwhile, Mr Kitty is out on the town, searching for action.
Pip gets a job at the Havesham Estate where he meets Estella.
Unfortunately the embarrassment continues with Sam and Donna.
Tom Paris is accused of a murder he claims he did not commit.
Two couples meet in a bar and one of the couples is murdered.
Victor LaRue manages to disarm the bailiffs during his trial.
The fire is in the same neighborhood as a similar arson fire.
The question then becomes who is going to be the next victim.
Howard and Raj search for the America's Next Top Model house.
Meanwhile, Gabrielle is faced with a life and death decision.
A blizzard moves into Chicago, stranding a family in the snow.
Neela is a little rusty on her first day back at the hospital.
A girl from Charlie's past reveals they have a child together.
Meanwhile, Alex and C.D. put on a charity Thanksgiving dinner.
A professional bank robbery leads to the death of a detective.
A small troubled cab company calls for the help of the A-Team.
Mark treats a young abused boy with an extremely irate father.
When Nog volunteers to help, things take a turn for the worst,
Doctor Coburn delivers the second twin by emergency c-section.
It doesn't help that Dale once had a relationship with Harper.
Doug treats an ill teenager who doesn't want to miss her prom.
Anspaugh rehires Jeanie and Al leaves for Atlanta without her.
Carter takes time off to help Chase kick his heroin addiction.
Cartman finds a unique way of coping with Asperger's Syndrome.
When the truth comes out, Monica has a hard time accepting it.
when she recovers she desperately tries to catch another cold.
Elsewhere, Charlie and Mac try to catch a thieving leprechaun.
An unauthorized phone call has serious implications for Pratt.
The Robot grows to gigantic proportions and goes on a rampage.
What has happened to Earth, or is the true threat yet to come?
Belach captures Xenan and wants to trade him for his daughter.
A 15-year-old kid is in the hospital to have his appendix out.
Corday is the only one that attends Romano's memorial service.
Gates goes out looking for a homeless war hero and upsets Sam.
Greene flies to Indiana to receive a heart-transplant patient.
Also, Greg attends his very first autopsy but keeps it all in.
Heidi's reason to go to Mars finally becomes clear to Cartman.
and Kyle and Ike rally the rest of the kids to save the world.
Mark is served with a wrongful death suit from the Law family.
He is disappointed to find her smoking again later that night.
Joey and Chandler unexpectedly receive an adult movie channel.
Ross like's Monica's sprayed-on tan, so he decides to get one.
He tries to retrieve it when she's not there, but gets caught.
Joey auditions for a new TV show and makes the call-back list.
Despite their age difference, Richard and Monica begin dating.
Chandler tries it out but ends up dumping Janice on the floor.
Then he gets sidetracked on re-tiling Monica's bathroom floor.
Ross and Monica's cousin Cassie comes to visit for a few days.
But McLove's easy-going stage persona masks a terrible secret.
Benton meets with Carla to discuss getting Reese hearing aids.
Carter's doubts about whether his future lies in surgery grow.
Joey convinces her to make it anyway, and he'll finish it off.
Ross and Rachel take Emma into Ralph Lauren to meet the staff.
At stake are both Excalibur and a fully-armed nuclear missile.
Neela gets an intern and must find the best way to mentor him.
Now it's up to Sam to reunite the two superstitious lovebirds.
Eventually, he comes back and they spend the evening together.
Their objective is a mysterious object from the Doctor's past.
When a building collapses, multiple casualties are brought in.
Unbeknown to everybody, Rachel is apparently the pregnant one.
Ross's are fine, but Monica's have been ruined by flood water.
Hawkeye is attracted to a new nurse but thinks she is married.
Richie and Potsie are invited to Potsie's cousin's stag party.
escape from their box and get stuck inside the foosball table.
Rachel invites everyone but Ross to go skiing for the weekend.
Phoebe calls him pretending to be Estelle, and Joey fires her.
Sam stoops to low levels in an effort to buy his old car back.
Carter returns to Chicago, going to a sleeping Abby's bedside.
Carla's husband, Roger, accuses Benton of sleeping with Carla.
Carter decides to go back to the Congo to bring the body back.
Sheldon and Howard wager comic books over a cricket's species.
Howard keeps getting teased by his fellow astronauts in space.
Jeanie and Carol clash when Jeanie receives a poor evaluation.
South Park Elementary has a closed circuit television network.
Stan could be key in beating the 70 point spread against them.
As a result, they are linked together via a telepathic device.
The call is traced to New York City, putting Susan on a plane.
To strengthen their vows Ted calls in a nun to supervise them.
The mobster tries to force the gas station owners to sell out.
When Hannibal and Face are captured, Murdock has to free them.
A strange seed-pod is unearthed from 20-thousand-year-old ice.
The Doctor and Donna lead them into very frightening position.
The Doctor and Sarah race to save the mortally wounded Eldrad.
The Doctor finally begins to unravel the mystery of the Kinda.
And the strange creatures lurking in the sea will soon emerge,
However, this time, The Doctor won't be able to save everyone.
Meanwhile, the others are converted into a slave-labour force.
The Doctor's plans against the Krotons are coming to fruition.
Carter becomes slightly suspicous when Lucy picks up randomly.
But helping the Marshal might mean genocide for the Solonians,
The Rani is determined to use the Doctor to advance her plans.
And they have almost arrived at the mysterious planet Refusis,
Doug treats a five-year-old suffering from a cocaine overdose.
Frank's jealousy of Trapper drives him to propose to Margaret.
Rachel, feeling lonely, kisses Ross, and considers doing more.
However, the gang's old rivals have moved on with their lives.
The Doctor waits in the background to see how events play out,
But what does the 'Great Healer' really have in mind for them?
however, the priests must then win in order to return the car.
Doctor Quinn is determined to capture it for his own purposes.
Can the Doctor defeat them before all of Peladon is destroyed?
Santos' briefcase falls into the hands of the Vinick campaign.
Benton and Romano clash over the treatment of a surgical case.
And the Doctor may have unwittingly lent his help to the plot,
All depends on the Doctor's ability to get back into the tomb,
Toby tries to arrange a proper funeral for a homeless veteran.
Meanwhile, the party on the mountain is unaware of the danger.
Voyager encounters a region of space named the Nekrit Expanse.
Walker pitches in to race for the Cherokee indian racing team.
A demon grants the wish and Cordelia's world suddenly changes.
The girl's father is a friend and mentor of Warrick's as well.
Weaver spends an evening with Legaspi and her lesbian friends.
Charlie is urged to accept immunity in his upcoming testimony.
Neela has unexpected visitors, with even more unexpected news.
He was well dressed, but only one shoe and had no ID or money.
Meanwhile, Penny is unsettled by painting given to her by Amy.
Can the Doctor defeat the evil nestled in the heart of London?
But defeated the Great Architect may come at a terrible price,
But will he have to make the ultimate sacrifice, Rose Tyler, ?
The nurses freeze out Abby after a slip of the tongue to Haleh.
A desperate father calls for the A-Team to rescue his daughter.
A transporter accident merges Tuvok and Neelix into one person.
Abby fears the worst when her brother Eric suddenly disappears.
Neela is hurt when she finds out Abby's news from someone else.
Reyes calls on Scully's expertise to help on the investigation.
Susan and Chuck visit her dad and tell him about the pregnancy.
Jeanie's home life becomes hectic, taking care of her new baby.
Angel and friends are trying to survive in a strange new world.
the staff follows the progress of an asteroid headed for earth.
The Master arrives and is determined to take control of Kronos.
Bartlet collapses before his second State of the Union address.
Bartlet decides he needs a lawyer when Qumar goes after Israel.
Bartlet, Leo, Josh, Sam and C.J. pull a practical joke on Toby.
Carter decides to remain, giving Luka a letter to take to Abby.
Mark treats an elderly rape victim, learning about forgiveness.
Diane offers to help by suggesting Carla seek anger management.
Carol's revelations to Tag puts their relationship to the test.
Kathie Lee Gifford is coming to town to present him the trophy.
Rachel prepares to tell Ross that he's the father of his child.
Rachel and Monica inherit all of Mr Heckles earthly possesions.
Monica is not comfortable with Chandler working alone with her.
as they get to know each other, Chandler's feelings get deeper.
Weaver disapproves of the idea, but Romano forces her to do it.
But why is Leela immune, and what is the virus's ultimate goal?
Despite their best efforts, Glory has succeeded in taking Dawn.
Diane forbids Sam to go on an annual ski trip with his buddies.
He also meets with Greene and Weaver about coming back to work.
Carol and Harper are tricked by a patient from the turkey file.
Will the Doctor and Peri survive the carnage? And at what cost?
Everyone except Monica knows that Chandler is about to propose.
Paolo and Rachel prepare for their first weekend away together.
Somehow they get through to Eurovision and score, . nil points.
Monica reveals the truth, which leads to many more revelations.
Meanwhile, Sydney helps Gage come to terms with his disability.
Warrick and Catherine look into the theft of some valuable art.
Grissom's involvement is cut short by renewed hearing problems.
Hawkeye begins to doubt his ability and moves out of The Swamp.
C.J. gets some crucial insight from Leo on keeping Jed healthy.
Gates gets locked in a maintenance area with a quiet young boy.
Could someone be using dark magicks in order to make the squad?
Ross realizes he's left his favorite shirt at Mona's apartment.
Rachel meets Mark, who gets her an interview at Bloomingdale's.
Going to the wedding is even more painful than Rachel expected.
accompanied by Ross, she goes home to Long Island to visit him.
Chandler plans a romantic weekend away, but Monica has to work.
Chen calls the ER to tell Pratt that her mom has died in China.
Sam gives Josh ideas on how to deal with his insurance company.
The Cat goes to see how he perceives her, with amusing results.
Meanwhile, Dennis and Dee try to make it big in the club scene.
Rebecca hires a hack songwriter to create a jingle for the bar.
Doug thwarts Carol's efforts to celebrate her birthday quietly.
Carol mulls over the idea of opening a free health care clinic.
One thing led to antoher, and they ended up having sex on tape.
Phoebe convinces Rachel to enter Emma in a baby beauty pageant.
Monica helps Chandler consider what careers he's interested in.
Ross and Rachel have to work, so they plan to come a day later.
New York City is blacked out, due to a mishap on Mad About You.
Rachel and Ross flirt, until Ross's girlfriend Bonnie shows up.
Phoebe is asked to name one of the three babies she's carrying.
Turns out he's not gay, and is getting married to someone else.
When one of the groomsmen drops out, they compete for the spot.
Rachel watches Cujo and gets scared, so Joey keeps her company.
Chandler reveals that he hasn't invited his Dad to the wedding.
Rachel gives Chandler a hypnosis tape to help him quit smoking.
then Melissa reveals she's been in love with Rachel ever since.
Chandler tells her he'll call even though he doesn't intend to.
Carol doesn't like any of his ideas, except having a threesome.
However, no one ends up with their date, or monkey at midnight.
Ross refuses the idea but takes the ring to satisfy Mrs Geller.
Meanwhile, the Master has taken possession of another new body.
Series Finale, ER ends its 15 year run with a two hour episode.
Sisko is promoted, and Dax is placed in command of the Defiant.
Bashir and Ezri spend the night together on the eve of the war.
Randy's obsession with the Food Network Is changing everything.
However, the crew's intervention may cause more harm than good.
Soon he is accused of spreading a plague among the inhabitants.
Benton's custody trial for Reese is hampered by his long hours.
Morris spends the entire shift finishing up a report for Lewis.
The Doctor and Ace are trapped on a world tearing itself apart.
The Doctor and his allies are on the run from Salamander's men.
The Doctor and the Master face off in their respective TARDISs.
The Doctor continues to search for the source of the dinosaurs.
The Doctor has come face to face with a massive green creature.
The Doctor must figure out a way to escape from the Dalek city.
The Master is already forging his alliance with the sea devils,
The Doctor returns to the war zones to organize the resistance.
Within lurks the Master, who has a nasty fate waiting for them,
The Ice Warrior has woken from a slumber of thousands of years.
The Master is intent on disrupting the creation of Magna Carta.
The Menoptra prepare to launch their attack to liberate Vortis.
Can the Doctor escape from the time trap and save the universe?
But even if the Doctor can escape, is yet another trap waiting?
There has been a radical upheaval among the monoids and humans.
The crew come across another Jupiter Mining Corporation vessel.
The diner where Monica works puts their staff on roller-skates.
Ross gets so involved in it that he misses Thanksgiving dinner.
Joey discovers it's a woman, and that she's very complimentary.
Instead of two boys and a girl, Phoebe has two girls and a boy.
The Doctor must find a way to make peace between the two races.
Monica hurts her hand, so Chandler finishes for her,, and wins.
Luka spends the day with recently awakened coma patient Blaire.
To make some money, Richie, Potsie, Ralph, and Bag form a band.
until a faction of Oprah's staff leak the truth about the book.
Meanwhile, Amy finds herself facing an even more deadly attack.
Despite the heat, Rachel and Monica have a big Christmas party.
The only supects are the three other employees in the building.
Chen notices and tells Mark her concern that Carter is bipolar.
Corday offers Malucci a sobering assessment of his performance.
Meanwhile, Frank isn't too happy when his wife returns to town.
Monica tells her about a great wedding dress sale the next day.
Luka's got a problem intern in his sights, and he's not pleased.
Neela laments the lack of communication between her and Brenner.
A long, cold night finds ER staffers with hours of time to kill.
A massive Cyberman invasion force is determined to strike Earth.
Grissom, Sara, and Warrick follow the lead of blood on a hammer.
Benton treats Carl Ferris again after he suffers a heart attack.
Tony and Julia's tryst is interrupted when Sarah needs rescuing.
She must help the father, Stuart, make a life-or-death decision.
An epidemic of hemorrhagic fever keeps the 4077 staff very busy.
Angel's soul has been removed, and Angelus has come to the fore.
Kerry makes a difficult choice, and Neela joins a support group.
Meanwhile, Penny and Bernadette set a dating app on Amy's phone.
As the race nears its end, Wrack prepares to destroy the Doctor.
Bartlet fires Sam's campaign manager and replaces him with Toby.
A congressman attacks the staff, claiming that 1 in 3 use drugs.
Weaver treats a dementia patient who has been AWOL for 50 years.
Carter makes a move on Susan, and Chloe announces her pregnancy.
Carla's ex-husband crashes their daughter's wedding celebration.
Peter runs into a pregnant Carla, upsetting the rest of his day.
Jeanie threatens to sue to get her job back, to Weaver's dismay.
Each individually asks Joey for a loan, swearing him to secrecy.
Kathy breaks up with Joey, and he suspects there is another man.
And Chandler is upset that he only gets Emma if Monica is alive.
Chandler gets glasses but everyone thinks he had them all along.
Cliff has two dates for the postman's ball-with Carla and Diane.
Abby goes behind Weaver's back with a patient on a gut instinct.
She also cannot remember anything about her friends or her past.
Crozier works feverishly to complete his experiment to save Kiv.
Draco falls for Gabrielle and Gabrielle gets the hots for Joxer.
Diane gives Sam 24 hours for a final fling before their wedding.
Carol wants to adopt Tatiana, but Tag isn't so keen on the idea.
Deb and Carter await the arrival of sub-internship applications.
Toby worries about the effect of Andy's pregnancy on the voters.
Luka and Carter want Pratt for the job, but he's not interested.
England, 1983. The Doctor discovers a starship trapped in orbit.
Eric is handing out invitations to his birthday party at school.
Meanwhile, Sheldon frets over a change to his hamburger routine.
Meanwhile, K. C. awaits word about a part in the school musical.
Fonzie takes his screen test with Richie as his reading partner.
General Clayton calls to say that a ceasefire is to be declared.
Even Lorne's usually peaceful club isn't immune to the violence.
While he is tying things up, Burns prepares for his new command.
Sheldon shows up at Amy's apartment to find his girlfriend sick.
Game Night turns into a battle royale between Penny and Sheldon.
The group soon finds out that their task is fraught with danger.
Benton sends Carter to the ER for the day after he arrives late.
Along the way, he reunites with his childhood friend Vic Solano.
Joey and Rachel realize their relationship is not going to work.
But then she meets another guy, Parker who seems more promising.
Phoebe finds a police badge under a cushion at the coffee house.
Everyone makes resolutions, Ross will do one new thing everyday.
Chandler gets a new roommate, Eddie, who seems like a great guy.
Meanwhile, Lewis has trouble ending her relationship with Chuck.
Gallant confronts the scheming young wife of an aged, dying man.
Leather's song, however, is stolen and recorded by another band.
Leela and Lowe take the Doctor to the Bi-Al Foundation for help.
Howard wants to have a cool nickname for when he's an astronaut.
Lila McCann, a real Country music artist, plays an aspiring one.
Dorset gets a revealing phone call while in surgery with Corday.
Margaret and her nursing staff are about to be inspected by Col.
Marion and Joanie take a trip to Mother Kelp's to help her move.
But his plan may be more dangerous than the Cybermen themselves.
Mrs Bing takes everyone out to dinner, and ends up kissing Ross.
Monica continues to date Pete but is still not attracted to him.
Gates finds it very difficult to let go of his feelings for Sam.
The ghosts try to convince Mulder and Scully to kill each other.
The rest of the gang hangs out at Monica and Rachel's apartment.
Romano's hospital insurance doesn't cover a good prosthetic arm.
Not one, but two factions of Daleks have arrived in 1963 London.
Odo struggles with his choices between his friends and the Link.
Phoebe tries to break it up and enlists help from Ross and Joey.
Meanwhile, jealousy takes over Leonard and Penny's relationship.
Rachel goes to get it replaced, tempting everyone else to leave.
Phoebe is upset that her real mother never tried to contact her.
Joey's cable and phone are disconnected because he couldn't pay.
Phoebe's apartment in finally done being rebuilt after the fire.
Phoebe and Monica go to Mike's piano bar where the patrons sing.
Sam faces the ultimate challenge to his skills as a male animal.
Rebecca befriends a pig destined to be Woody's Christmas dinner.
A despondent patient shocks Carol with an unusually violent act.
Benton interviews with Romano for a surgical attending position.
Gallant, now a full-fledged doctor, helps to show her the ropes.
Howard discovers Bernadette doesn't interact well with children.
Howard and Raj get action figures of themselves that cost $1000.
So, they set out to get better ratings by finding a great story.
Corday also fights with Rachel upon discovering Ella unattended.
Shep overreacts and attacks an Asian boy interfering at a scene.
They will have to move very carefully or they will be destroyed,
The Doctor and Sarah have uncovered a planned invasion of Earth.
A new soldier arrives and somewhere in their midst is a traitor,
He may have some hope, but a traitor still lurks in their ranks,
Can he recover his memory before she enacts her mysterious plan?
But his only chance to win their trust is to face a deadly test.
The Terror comes to its bloody end with the fall of Robespierre.
The existence of the Texas Rangers is threatened by budget cuts.
Someone is peeping into the apartment building with a telescope.
Phoebe undergoes the procedure to implant embryos in her uterus.
But a series of horrific deaths seems to jeopardise that future.
Mrs Landingham buys her first new car, with tragic consequences.
The Doctor wants to explore the city, but what is waiting there?
Rina finds a friend in Donna, and Josh isn't too happy about it.
Voyager encounters several supernova in a small region of space.
A somewhat neurotic divorcee witnesses the murder and reports it.
Carol is at a crossroads when management demands she cut two RNs.
The camp is searched and everything is found in Hawkeye's locker.
A severed head is shipped to Doctor Robbins from Jackpot, Nevada.
Matters become complicated when the Ferengi seize the Enterprise.
Xena then strikes a deal with Xerxes to find the true Black Wolf.
A woman named Donna Noble searches for an old friend, the Doctor.
Getting off the planet, however, isn't going to be quite so easy,
as C.J.'s stalker is finally captured, the night ends in tragedy.
Susan and Chloe try to reach an agreement regarding Little Susie.
Luka informs Weaver that he's leaving for the Congo in two weeks.
Carter treats a young paraplegic on his first day back at County.
Cartman and Kyle are at war over the popular cartoon, Family Guy.
Stan's father, however, refuses to allow him to stay in the band.
Ursula, who thought grandma was already dead, skips the memorial.
Ross is depressed about having to chose between Julie and Rachel.
Then a message is announced for the woman and Jessica accepts it.
Bartlet gets spooked by a photo op as the Dow continues its dive.
Benton comforts a little girl who is feeling used by her parents.
she uses it to face the Gods of Olympus in a battle to the death.
Things gets complicated, when the A-Team has to pursue the venue.
Frank mistakenly becomes involved in a children's beauty pageant.
Finch treats a young teenager who may have too much on her plate.
Cordelia, meanwhile, attempts to help Fred readjust to the world.
Hawkeye, Houlihan, and Klinger go to an aid station at the front.
Howard's space mission is moved up, conflicting with the wedding.
Ian, Barbara and Susan are taken to Paris and sentenced to death.
In the future, an old Joxer obtains a lost scroll of Gabrielle's.
Abby tells Neela that she needs to find a new living arrangement.
Jason McCann contacts Nick and says that he's in imminent danger.
Phoebe finds a cat and is convinced it's her mother reincarnated.
Ross goes with him for moral support but ends up joining as well.
This stresses their relationship a bit more than either can bear.
Chandler and Joey miss each other, but neither one will admit it.
Joey is jealous, and he and Chandler fight like a typical couple.
Joey's snoring forces Chandler to insist he go to a sleep clinic.
Jack and Judy Geller come by to drop off some of Monica's things.
Anna is perturbed when she discovers Carter's wealthy background.
Kovac treats a bishop who took a fall and questions Luka's faith.
But he quickly begins to turn his tremendous power against Earth.
The Doctor and Sarah return to a deserted city under martial law.
Corday tries to convince Dean Rollins to have surgery on his leg.
Doctor Dave goes out of his way to shut an illegal pharmacy down.
Klinger becomes smitten with a young, pretty Korean war criminal.
She changes her mind when she realises how loyal her friends are.
Carter tries to be supportive as Elaine undergoes her mastectomy.
Gunther realizes Joey's not working at the coffee house any more.
Cartman leaves to audition for a Cheezy Poofs commercial outside.
Will asks why they originally chose Russell to be Vice President.
C.J. and Charlie play an ever-escalating game of practical jokes.
Nero has become fascinated with Barbara, to his wife's annoyance.
Could the time travel experiments of Count Scarlioni be to blame?
Ross has an emergency at the museum, so Rachel takes care of Ben.
Ross has to choose whether Joey or Chandler will be his best man.
Ross is bummed that Emily will soon be returning home to England.
Monica and Chandler pack up their apartment with the gang's help.
Joey gets an audition for a Broadway musical, but he can't dance.
Richie and the guys organize a time capsule for a school project.
Ross and Phoebe get to Newark airport just before Rachel departs.
Phoebe likes the spaciousness, so Rachels keeps living with Joey.
Ray is at a party and must takes charge when a balcony collapses.
Carter and a new intern try to save a mother in labor with twins.
Leonard continues to support Penny as she reevaluates her future.
Sheldon leaves to be with his sister for her first child's birth.
Stan, distraught by Sparky's disappearance, sets out to find him.
However, the secret Lwaxana holds is deeper than Deanna imagined.
Stardate: Unknown Jadzia falls in love with a Meridian scientist.
However, his involvement may lead to the death of his new friend.
Susan consults a therapist to cope with the loss of Little Susie.
Romano signs Weaver up to meet with the Women's Health Coalition.
Abby treats two elderly sisters involved in a suspicious mugging.
and Potter questions the veracity of an upbeat letter from Radar.
He is whisked off to school with the boys so he can save his job.
Can they get anyone to believe the truth before a war breaks out?
The Doctor and his allies launch a final attack on the Khazenome.
The Doctor and his companions find themselves in a surreal world.
Not because of hate or a desire for power, but because they care.
The Doctor has finally been run to ground on the planet Mechanus.
Dangerous plants lurk in the night and the Daleks are in pursuit.
The Doctor is finally tracked down by his people, the Time Lords.
But Carrington and others are determined to stop him at any cost,
Adding to his woes, Mark fears his brain tumor may have returned.
And they are determined to exact justice, even as Meglos escapes,
To stop him, the Doctor may need to call on a dangerous creature,
The fight between the Doctor and Morgaine reaches its conclusion.
However, working together may prove more difficult than imagined.
Joey gets a small part in the movie but doesn't perform too well.
Can they survive long enough to puzzle out the mystery of Melkur?
The invasion has begun and UNIT scrambles to resist the Cybermen.
The staff deals with an American pilot who was shot down in Iraq.
The team investigates a series of murders where bodies are posed.
They are overwhelmed by it all, but they insist on helping Buffy.
The Jew Scouts don't take kindly to non-Jews joining their ranks.
Towelie writes a book and it gets selected for Oprah's book club.
Wendy's hand is broken in a trauma by a patient having a seizure.
Grissom and Brass are at odds when Grissom suggests it was a cop.
Raj is trapped in the Wolowitz house with Howard's lonely mother.
Then she, Gabrielle, and two Northern warriors kill the creature.
In 102 AD England, Romans receive a surprise visit from Cleopatra.
Nearby, Stonehenge conceals the Pandorica, a prison-box of legend.
Can Columbo's cooking skills really match the food critic's taste?
Hawkeye walks out to into the bush to tend to the wounded soldier.
Corday is uncomfortable when two men she is dating end up meeting.
Inevitably, the deal falls through, much to the Hawkeye's chagrin.
Rimmer walks in with a stunned look and speaks in the Cat's voice.
Butters tells AWESOM-O all his secrets, but also one of Cartman's.
But the Master and Midge are already laying a trap for the Doctor,
Ray treats a woman whose case is more complicated than it appears.
Kerry hears more discouraging news regarding her bid for ER chief.
The agents then return to DC, aware of the mistake they just made.
Meanwhile in England, Giles finds a fellow watcher close to death.
Toby and Will face off over Will's working for the vice president.
Doctor Anspaugh's son comes into the ER with cancer-like symptoms.
Harry teams up with Jessica to see if her case got the man killed.
The owner of the house is away and a young couple is housesitting.
Lister wants to save Kochanski and Rimmer obviously wants himself.
She now has a new school, new friends, and a chance to start over.
Carol and Jeanie try to find a home for a schizophrenic architect.
Doug feels like a kept man in his relationship with Linda Farrell.
Peter and his sister try to sort out care for their ailing mother.
She asks Abby whether the nurses' insurance covers family therapy.
Benton's zeal for his work interferes with his family obligations.
he accuses Chandler of sleeping with her, and of killing his fish.
And the Doctor and Jo are accused of collaborating with the enemy,
Facing failing his anatomy final, Potsie threatens to quit school.
Fonzie tells him to use music as a tool to help him with the exam.
Romano takes control of the ER in the wake of Weaver's suspension.
The Doctor and K-9 race to foil him and save the Time Lady's life.
Grover launches the final phase of his plan to create a new world.
Once Kenny cheeses, he trips into a world that he can truly enjoy.
Days later the clamp is used to save the leg of a wounded soldier.
Joanie is there to help, and they are both caught by Officer Kirk.
Phoebe is very persuasive in convincing Ross to propose to Rachel.
Donna's life is threatened when she develops a pulmonary embolism.
Jessica is mistaken for someone else and kidnapped at the airport.
Joanie starts smoking to fit in with a club she's recently joined.
One of his first assignments is to go undercover as a drug dealer.
Her own leaves tell her she's about to meet the man of her dreams.
Second, she begins screen sperm donors, and runs into Joey's file.
Chandler will stop making fun of his friends, for at least a week.
the staff struggles over how to language the state of the economy.
Carol has trouble adjusting after her return from maternity leave.
Mandy's old memo about Bartlet administration weaknesses surfaces.
Carter goes out with Roxanne, the insurance saleswoman he treated.
Doug balks at counseling a teenage boy who thinks he might be gay.
The TARDIS arrives in the tomb of former Aztec High Priest Yetaxa.
Monica and Chandler are going out for their ten-month anniversary.
Ross realizes he can cope with the responsibilities of parenthood.
Neela gets her big chance to assist on a double kidney transplant.
Neela becomes quite flustered when Brenner returns from Australia.
Their story is so outrageous, Mr Garrison fails them for cheating.
Sisko faces a suicide mission in order to reclaim Deep Space Nine.
Actually, it was rectal bleeding resulting from a colon infection.
and wakes up next to her naked in the wilderness the next morning.
And the Doctor is embroiled in a plot that he knows nothing about.
April Fool's Day causes the staffers to play pranks on each other.
Chandler and Monica have a difficult time at the rehearsal dinner.
Chandler meets a woman, Ginger in the men's room and asks her out.
Phoebe, Monica and Chandler take care of Frank and Alice's babies.
Rachel finds out Barry is engaged to Mindy, her former bridesmaid.
Ross gets a beeper so Carol can page him when she goes into labor.
Richie thinks his campaign will be ruined if the picture gets out.
He thinks he can handle the students there but is sorely mistaken.
Rose requests a trip back to the day her father, Pete Tyler, died.
The apartment looks great but no longer has two separate bedrooms.
He coaches Joey on doing and saying things that she'll appreciate.
Sam and Diane are plagued with doubts about getting back together.
It turns out Sam still does, a bottle cap, which he says he found.
When Sam gets hurt he sneaks out of the bar and into the hospital.
Sheldon finds himself jealous when Amy goes on a date with Stuart.
Some bird watchers find a raven with a human eyeball in its mouth.
The A-Team steps in to save the entire block from being torn down.
Bernstein informs Doug that he needs to look for other employment.
Will Willow do the spell, or can the Scoobies prepare for tragedy?
Spike, Fonzie's little cousin, takes Joanie out on her first date.
Miles O'Brien marries his fianc'e, Keiko Ishikawa, in Ten-Forward.
Stardate: Unknown Deanna becomes attracted to an alien ambassador.
Shortly thereafter, she starts aging rapidly and becoming violent.
They decide to complete their mission, which Jake sees as suicide.
They meet a young couple, and are soon in trouble with the police.
Needless to say, everything turns out for the best, well, sort of.
Also, Nick comes closer to finding the truth about his kidnapping.
The Doctor and Ace visit the Psychic Circus on the planet Segonax.
Can he win the battle of wits and save himself and his companions?
The Doctor is pressed into service to oppose the vicious Irongron.
They are attacked by fictional creatures who may be only too real,
The evil creature is already setting in motion its plan to return,
The Enterprise picks up a group of space hippies looking for Eden.
The Doctor has a plan to fight back, but does he have enough time?
The Marshal, now mad with power, moves ahead with his final plans.
The TARDIS crew must make fire for the early humans to stay alive.
Their parents cannot find out that they were playing with weapons.
The damaged Jem'Hadar ship captained by Sisko crashes on a planet.
He picks it up and announces he's been looking for it for a month.
The Doctor is about to meet what will become his greatest enemies.
The fight between the two Dalek factions breaks out into open war.
Meanwhile the girls are at home trying to figure out a comic book.
Can the Doctor find the mysterious creature before it kills again?
And the Doctor and Peri are slowly succumbing to spectrox toxemia.
While repairing it, the ship begins to take control of Tom's mind.
Walker must fight to protect the reincarnation of a Buddhist monk.
Susan is stuck caring for Little Susie while Chloe attends school.
He must travel to a foreign place to learn the ways of his people.
OnboardVoyager, Tuvok, who is now in command, faces a near mutiny.
by the time Chandler goes to apologize and make up, it's too late.
Meanwhile, Sheldon calls Leonard's mother for relationship advice.
Ross meets some of Emily's friends and gets invited to play rugby.
But time is running out and their list of allies are growing thin,
When contributing please make sure you have to right episode guide.
They refuse to shower unless Charles stops playing his French horn.
After giving in to his passion, she is found dead the next morning.
Dubenko looks out for Abby when Ray rides all over her in a trauma.
A police officer is killed, and the only living witness is his dog.
A serial killer stalks a planet, and Scotty is the primary suspect.
A way is found back to Earth from the planet of the Cheetah People.
Abby goes to court to argue for a 90-day psych hold for her mother.
Abby and the new ER Chief argue over how to treat a gunshot victim.
After a month of dating, Al wants to ask Chachi's mom to marry him.
Kerry is promoted in favor of Romano, due to Alderman Bright's aid.
Sam is happy with a projected smaller-than-expected budget surplus.
Back on Red Dwarf, Kryten is delighted with his new-found humanity.
meanwhile, Diane is foreman of a jury in an attempted murder trial.
Carla tries to hide her feelings when John Hill has a heart attack.
Jerry, Wendy, and Jeanie search for a genetically engineered mouse.
Jake tries to find out where his relationship with Abby is heading.
Later, Monica reveals her relationship with Richard to her parents.
They decide they want different things, and end their relationship.
Phoebe realizes she was the one who mugged him all those years ago.
Meanwhile Hawkeye tries to find out what B.J.'s initials stand for.
Hawkeye is antagonized by Bloodworth and shoves him against a wall.
Meanwhile, outcast Connor struggles to find his place in the world.
The Doctor finally makes his move, but it may be too late for Peri,
If they do not leave it within four days, they will be annihilated.
Bartlet hires a secretary and C.J. finds a Big Brother for Anthony.
Doyle receives a new vision that sends the group to the club scene.
Ellie Shore is a mother of three who has a stroke and cannot speak.
While she is treated, we are inside her head, hearing her thoughts.
Eve is initiated into the way of Eli, freeing her of her past sins.
Meanwhile, Joanie and Chachi continue to prepare for their wedding.
Gallant has a rough day due to his inability to make himself heard.
Meanwhile, the kids begin searching for an infamous Internet troll.
Doctor Lawrence saves a life before departing to live with his son.
Nick tries to determine how a hiker apparently drowned in a desert.
Grissom and his team investigate a crime involving a popular actor.
Rebecca resorts to desperate measures in her quest to quit smoking.
He gives Radar a hug and his last order, and departs by helicopter.
Charlie is offered an attractive way out of his employment dilemma.
Howard and Bernadette have a tense dinner with both of her parents.
Their only source of help is a duplicitous trapper set on betrayal,
Jeopardy makes an appearance in Boston, and Cliff gets on the show.
We see flashbacks to earlier episodes demonstrating, Joey's acting.
One of their dates is interrupted when Ross is paged to the museum.
Kirk, Spock, and McCoy become trapped in the past of another world.
All remaining Starfleet personnel are ordered to leave the station.
Abby, back in med school, shows up in the ER as a surgical consult.
Mail from home worries Henry that Lorraine may be seeing other men.
Rachel and Ross have dinner with her father, which doesn't go well.
she invites him on a day of fun so they can get to know each other.
Ross sees her from his apartment and thinks she's coming on to him.
Hope prepares for a new mission, one Morris is not too happy about.
Meanwhile, a disillusioned Mulder confronts some of his own demons.
Gates tries to convey to Sam that his feelings for her are serious.
Ugly Naked Guy lights a bunch of candles and has a slight accident.
until a guard is mysteriously murdered in the former inmate's cell.
Norm tries to hide the fact that he's become an interior decorator.
It isn't long before Spike arrives in town, searching for the ring.
Q arrives on DS9 fresh from exploring the Gamma Quadrant with Vash.
Ross, sensing Joey's mood, gets him to talk about his girl trouble.
Ross doesn't like it, but he eventually turns the tables on Rachel.
Radar wants to become a man so Hawkeye recommends he goes to Seoul.
This event brings out the both the good and bad in the competitors.
Ralph's parents are getting a divorce, and Ralph becomes depressed.
The professor concludes that it is a sign that a tornado is coming.
Chandler says if she rolls another hard eight, they'll get married.
he comes to their aid and then gets stuck because his battery dies.
Phoebe choses Rachel, which leads to competition and hurt feelings.
Rachel plans to bring Paolo, who's flying in earlier than expected.
Morris chokes on a french fry and Sam performs the Heimlich on him.
When contributing please make sure you have to right episode guide.
Carter accuses Max of taking some Percocet from a medicine cabinet.
Carter notices Pratt is sick as well, and sends him to Chen's room.
Luka comes to find them and asks Sam to return to Chicago with him.
The ER is filled with patients after a brawl at a talk show taping.
Several different spider factions are now seeking the blue crystal.
Several heroin ODs are brought into the ER, including Chase Carter.
Everything seems doomed and everyone makes ready for a final stand.
Sisko orders Kira to teach Damar and his troops resistance tactics.
Sisko must activate the distress beacon if he is to be found alive.
Mark changes his look, growing a goatee and wearing contact lenses.
The CSIs investigate the deaths of a pair of illegal street racers.
Both depends on the pirate planet consuming one more victim, Earth.
The Doctor is forced into a desperate gambit to prevent a massacre.
This Earth, however, is under threat of invasion from the Cybermen!
The Dominion War is entering its final stages, with many surprises.
He and the Doctor must return to Earth to try to save the Universe.
The Doctor is helping them, and only Bill and Nardole can stop him.
The boys are given a detention due to their attitudes in art class.
How will the townsfolk react when they lose their job to a Gooback?
Sheldon and Amy are trying to get the perfect gifts for each other.
Suddenly The Inquisitor attacks, killing the new Lister and Kryten.
The crew must find a way to defeat the Hirogen and reclaim Voyager.
She decides to just be a friend, but Joey lets the secret slip out.
what is thought to be sympathy pains turns out to be kidney stones.
Joey can make everything, even grandma's chicken salad sound dirty.
Charlie and Frank try to ride all the rides by any means necessary.
A widespread panic develops and Scully looks within to find a cure.
The boys are shocked when they discover the identity of the hacker.
He's discovered something inside himself that he never knew he had.
This was made in tribute to the Python's famous Dead Parrot sketch.
Kovac is forced by Weaver to see another doctor about his attitude.
Catherine gets some troubling news about her father's murder trial.
Walker poses as a peasant to track slave-labor smugglers in Mexico.
Henry arranges for Father Mulcahy to do this over short wave radio.
While fixing a stove that explodes, Hawkeye's face is badly burned.
after tests, blueprints, and demolition work, she finally gives up.
Not only do they both go to the sale, they both grab the same gown.
Chandler, Ross, and Joey give themselves facials for their T-zones.
They are shot at, but safely return with the drug and save the day.
Now Angel must track her down in time to safely deliver their baby.
With Xena away on a mission, Gabrielle must contend with Aphrodite.
His case is full of innuendo, so the gang sets out to help Margaret.
Once there, he is told by a zoo representative that Marcel has died.
Abby makes a difficult diagnosis on a young boy with a rare illness.
The CSI team investigates whether this was an accident or foul play.
A rumour that there's going to be a practice bug-out causes anxiety.
A visit from Leonard's mother ends up bringing him and Penny closer.
Abby struggles with the decision of whether or not to keep her baby.
Abby treats a psychotic patient who has overdosed on his medication.
Abby comes to Sam's aid when she faces a nurses' disciplinary board.
Meanwhile, the officers have all been assigned new responsibilities.
Peter consults a deaf physician regarding Reese's hearing condition.
Chakotay interprets this as a personal attack, and is then captured.
He then joins Spike and Drusilla in their plan to destroy the world.
The adults however find another cause for the flood, Global Warming.
Buffy is devastated when she arrives home and finds her mother dead.
Corday is overjoyed to be able to perform a rare femoral transplant.
A flasher tangles twice with a tough group of Catholic school girls.
Carol spoils his plans with a spontaneous kiss with EMT Greg Powell.
Meanwhile Cartman Is finding It hard to adapt to life on the inside.
Joey forgets, but lies that he's set her up with someone named Mike.
Chandler admits it was him, causing a rift between himself and Joey.
his boss, however, keeps offering more money until Chandler accepts.
Phoebe is clearing stuff out of her apartment to make room for Mike.
Realizing Hawkeye's value as a doctor, Bloodworth drops all charges.
and a pipe bomb kills 44 students at a Midwest university swim meet.
Events move inexorably toward the final showdown in the O.K. Corral.
however, she moves the green ottoman, which starts Monica obsessing.
When she picks up still another, Chandler isn't sure he can take it.
Can Columbo see beyond the false images and prove Galesko is guilty?
Fathers Ted and Dougal enter A Song For Europe with My Lovely Horse.
Fonzie is rejected several times by a new teacher at Jefferson High.
Hawkeye and Trapper help the General's aide smuggle him out of camp.
Grand Nagus Zek is kidnapped by the Regent from the mirror universe.
Grissom and Sara investigate a bug riddled body found in the desert.
The personal lives of our characters come into play in this episode.
Catherine looks into the murder of a man outside of his regular bar.
Catherine and Nick investigate the apparent overdose of a rock star.
Meanwhile, after Sara's farewell, everyone tries to comfort Grissom.
He ends up staying which puts a damper on the rest of the guys' fun.
Monica stresses that Rachel will forget one of her responsibilities.
clearly, it's going to be business as usual for the rest of the War.
Gates' teaching methods with Daria, and her responses, belittle Sam.
Jessica stakes her life on slim odds when she investigates a murder.
Rachel prepares to be the maid of honor at Mindy's wedding to Barry.
Luka and Ray treat a woman with cancer who makes a difficult choice.
Kyle finally sees The Passion of the Christ, and is horrified by it.
His mother, however, has gotten into a local fad, holistic medicine.
Sisko decides to mine the wormhole, which will likely start the war.
Leonard finds himself drawn towards a comely comic book illustrator.
Lucy and Luka try to convince a woman that her husband is dangerous.
Weaver tries to persuade a disabled junkie to enter a rehab program.
Mark tries to find a way to tell Rachel about his impending divorce.
Despite Cat's attempts to get him free, Lister turns into a chicken.
Phoebe dates Robert, a jock whose shorts are a little too revealing.
Morris is missing Hope and having trouble with thoughts of straying.
Mr Garrison takes his class on an archaeological dig for arrowheads.
Luka and Abby decide just friends isn't such a great idea after all.
New residents arrive at County, including 2nd year Nick Coop Cooper.
Meanwhile, Mrs Garrison is finding life without men has its upsides.
Radar cheats on his final exam from the High School diploma company.
Jake switches the remainder of his shifts in an effort to date Abby.
Things get messy when the dry cleaning comes back from the cleaners.
But Joey is jealous, so he breaks his chair so he can have Rachel's.
Joey gets involved with a PBS pledge drive, believing he's the host.
however, the tape was designed for women, and it works all too well.
Rachel tries to learn more about Chandler and Monica's relationship.
When they decide to turn around, they find that the bus won't start.
They make up, and Monica continues her winning streak playing craps.
Gavin comes over at the end of the party and makes a move on Rachel.
everything is going great until he finds out she's incredibly messy.
Joey remembers that peeing on a jellyfish sting takes the pain away.
Ross gets a joke published in Playboy, but Chandler claims it's his.
The rental shop is all out so he rents an Armadillo costume instead.
Chandler helps him out by doing the other one, with suprising skill.
A Human Resources consultant is sent to the ER to observe the staff.
Pratt briefly visits his father, without revealing their connection.
Meanwhile, Raj discovers a secret about his new love interest, Lucy.
Meanwhile Anya returns and throws herself at a flabbergasted Xander.
an archaeologist killed during an away mission to a deserted planet.
The A-Team goes to Italy to rescue a judge's daughter from mobsters.
Things heat up, when B.A.'s van is stolen and the team looses track.
Chronotis is eventually forced to admit that he himself is Salyavin.
The Doctor and his companions find themselves in a spooky old house.
But with the Rani on his side, the Master may be impossible to beat,
The Doctor is on the run, accused of bringing the dinosaur invasion.
The Doctor meets a new enemy, the Shadow, who wants the Key to Time.
The Doctor struggles to figure out the Cybermen's plan for invasion.
While Missy deals with her past, Bill is altered to meet her future.
Carter removes a live cockroach from a patient's ear and freaks-out.
Mark is outraged when Jenn decides to stay in Dayton over Christmas.
Turlough is able to oppose him,, but what is the Master's real goal?
The Sontarans continue their evil plot and begin to choke the Earth.
Towelie is a genetically engineered towel created by the government.
But could the plan to target Clinton be just the tip of the iceberg?
The Doctor must act to save humanity, even if it risks his own life,
They find out that their future selves have gotten twisted and evil.
As we learn his history, he tries to connect with his estranged son.
The gang attempts to give Frank's prostitute bride to be a makeover.
The gang decides to expand the group and Dee reevaluates her future.
Monica won't agree to it, but management won't let him off the hook.
The team is investigating the ongoing murders by a signature killer.
And speaking of the future, Cartman is trying to send himself there.
The true villains behind the events on Peladon are finally revealed.
The wedding pandemonium continues in the second half of the episode.
Eve promotes Sam, then forces her to be involved as she fires Haleh.
Can the Doctor stop him without getting caught in a Dalek civil war?
Gallant is on a psych rotation, all the while annoying the ER staff.
Morris receives a phone call that leaves him preoccupied and shaken.
Two young men are found murdered after scamming Sam Braun's casinos.
Mark prepares to bury his father, and enjoys his daughter's company.
Cartman knows Craig has what it takes to make their dream a reality.
While Colonel Potter goes to Tokyo on R&R, his horse develops colic.
Toby is gung-ho to go after extremist groups in light of the attack.
However, his friends each have their own ideas on how to present it.
Abby enrolls in a Mommy and Me class, but it's not all fun and games.
A woman with a high risk pregnancy worries that she will be deported.
A robbery at a grocery store results in a shootout leaving five dead.
his twin nephews stand to inherit, but which one committed the crime?
Both of his neighbours inhaled the poison used during the fumigation.
Mulder soon becomes convinced that the rig is drilling the black oil.
After Dee suffers a heart attack, she and Dennis try to be healthier.
The A-Team heads out to fight back, but first they have to get there.
Angel arrives with an amulet which may be a weapon against the First.
But can the A-Team beat this opponent, even after Hannibal's funeral?
Josh is disturbed to learn that Stackhouse might not endorse Bartlet.
Bartlet finally tells the staff the truth about the death of Shareef.
In flashbacks, we see Luka from the time Carter left 22 days earlier.
They learn one man, a priest, is still alive, and discover it's Luka.
However, it soon becomes clear that Phoebe has never learned to ride.
Joey's begins appearing in Days of Our Lives as Doctor Drake Ramoray.
Benton discovers that Romano has fired him for his actions last week.
Meanwhile, Mr Garrison prepares for the upcoming presidential debate.
Rachel is so happy about her laundry experience that she kisses Ross.
Chandler picks out an engagement ring for Monica, with Phoebe's help.
Precious shows up there by mistake, so Phoebe breaks the news to her.
Klinger tries to get into West Point so that he can get out of Korea.
Christmas Eve finds Chen unable to locate someone to cover her shift.
Cliff and the Doctor work to find a way to destroy the green maggots.
Romano advises her to return to Mark for the little time he has left.
England, 1883. The Doctor brings Ace to a house called Gabriel Chase.
He vows vengeance and comes up with a plan to track down the culprit.
As Clemente manages the trauma in the ER, Pratt joins Neela on-scene.
Nick talks to a man who picked up a woman who drugged and robbed him.
Kovac treats a man having anxiety attacks from his impending divorce.
Kovac tries to help two brothers, one of whom is mentally challenged.
Grissom is called to a murder of a 17-year-old in a casino penthouse.
Harry Saxon becomes Prime Minister, and he faces off with the Doctor.
Mark and Carol interview applicants for a vacant desk clerk position.
Hot Lips, believing herself to be pregnant, asks Hawkeye to test her.
The only rabbit available to use for the test is Radar's pet, Fluffy.
Catherine's life is in jeopardy after visiting a nightclub with Nick.
Chachi tells Al that he's finally going to make his move with Joanie.
Joey and Chandler agree to sell their oversized entertainment center.
Ross has a hard time accepting that his son plays with a Barbie doll.
Joey chews out Mr Treeger, the superintendent, for making Rachel cry.
She suggests he try being friends with a woman before being intimate.
Monica injures her eye but doesn't want to have to see Richard again.
Weaver and Legaspi are divided over personal and professional issues.
Able helps the crew escape and they enter an asteroid belt for cover.
Frank Burns takes the news hard and arrests a Korean family as spies.
The ER gets new crash carts, which are promptly stolen by cardiology.
Benton attends a banquet at Vucelich's home, with Jeanie as his date.
While trying to find him, Ezri is reunited with her estranged family.
Marcel chokes on scrabble tiles and has to be rushed to the hospital.
She ends up putting Leonard on the spot regarding their relationship.
Ross and Chandler make plans to party with Gandolf, the party wizard.
Phoebe is upset after catching Monica for using a different masseuse.
Chandler discovers Monica has a secret closet which is always locked.
Poor Jessica can't take a vacation without finding mystery or murder.
Psychiatrist Ray Flemming employs his girlfriend to pose as his wife.
when Ross has the keys she steals them and takes Ross for a joy-ride.
Rachel has an eye infection but doesn't want anyone touching her eye.
Monica falls for Julio, a co-worker at the diner who writes a poetry.
Jeanie decides to marry Reggie after her adoption plans fall through.
However, in order to be accepted, they have to perform several dares.
Meanwhile, Fonzie auditions barbers to replace his who recently died.
Lucy, on a psychiatry rotation, treats an overmedicated foster child.
Ursula knew about their real mother all along, but never told Phoebe.
Ross and Monica's parents come for dinner, which stresses Monica out.
Monica and Chandler go in for fertility testing and bump into Janice.
Carter blows off an evening with Gant to spend the night with Keaton.
Lewis takes charge as Weaver arrives and the police won't let her in.
Control of the ER is relieved from Weaver by an infection specialist.
Romano becomes Chief of Staff when Anspaugh announces his retirement.
Shep will be okay, but Raul has third-degree burns covering his body.
Bashir and Ezri reveal their attractions for one another over coffee.
Soon they are accused of planting a bomb, and are sentenced to death.
Spock must go to Vulcan in order to perform the Vulcan mating ritual.
Cartman steps up to the megaphone and assumes the role of negotiator.
Jean-Luc must prove otherwise, or the human race will be annihilated.
The crew soon begins to slip into insanity through dream deprivation.
Picard discovers that he originally met Guinan in the 1890s on Earth.
Stardate: Unknown An unjoined Trill stages a takeover of the station.
Without it, the Jem'Hadar enter a painful withdrawal process and die.
Sutekh forces the Doctor to bring Scarman to Mars to free his master.
Leonard being absolutely crazy about Penny's educational chosen path.
The A-Team is hired by the daughter of a murdered diamond mine owner.
The Doctor and Jo stand accused of betraying Earth to the Draconians.
Soon, all is not as it seems with the residents of 10 Downing Street.
The Doctor and his companions try to survive in their shrunken state.
The Doctor finally discovers the truth about the drug smuggling ring.
Meanwhile, dissent is stirring among Salamander's imprisoned workers,
The Doctor has entered the computation Matrix to prove his innocence.
The Doctor has found a group of Terileptil convicts crashed on Earth.
The Doctor has won his fight in the Matrix and revealed the assassin.
The Doctor investigates the disappearance of his earlier incarnation.
The Elite are moving against Davros, but may not be able to stop him,
The Doctor is in limbo, held in the power of an anti-matter creature.
The Doctor is sent into exile on the moon while Jo is kept in prison.
The Doctor is trapped in a parallel world that is going up in flames.
The Doctor tries to introduce Seven of Nine to the concept of dating.
Now Columbo must unravel a magical mystery and break a perfect alibi.
The Minyons struggle to gain the precious race banks from the Oracle.
C.J. and Danny go out to dinner twice and talk like good old friends.
The energy of the reactor has returned the mysterious Eldrad to life.
Amy gets asked out by Stuart and Kripke but she turns them both down.
Jed and Abbey endure some interruptions at their private celebration.
Abby has old demons to fight, distancing her from friends and family.
Sara and Warrick look into a Romeo and Juliet scenario in the desert.
Even if the Time Lords can escape, Romana faces a difficult decision,
Pratt has a painful failed attempt at reconciliation with his father.
Josh must run a press briefing when C.J. has an emergency root canal.
Wales, 1959. A top-secret US satellite has mysteriously gone missing.
The Greene household is pretty crazy now that Rachel is living there.
However, soon after, Tuvok begins showing violent tendencies himself.
Penny wonders what to do when she asked to audition for a movie role.
and Josh takes issue with a temporary worker's choice in accessories.
His eyes are bandaged, and it is not known if he will ever see again.
Chandler invents a story about his company transferring him to Yemen.
Complications ensue as they become involved in the JFK Assassination.
Dee leads Artemis and the Waitress on a ladies night out on the town.
Sam and Neela are stuck at the airport with transplant organs in hand.
The ER goes from deserted to capacity, and all surgeons are called in.
Greene discovers that his tumor is inoperable and later has a seizure.
Mark and Elizabeth struggle to balance parenthood and their schedules.
Finally Hot Lips returns, after helping in the birth of a Korean baby.
Fonzie, concerned for his friend's well-being, decides to go with him.
Leo confronts Abbey about the dangers of her recent coping mechanisms.
She becomes delusional in an MRI machine, calling out for her husband.
But then Coach discovers his late friend made a pass at his late wife.
Soon the A-Team has to retreat and defend their place by the airplane.
Sam has a personal interest in an oil spill off the coast of Delaware.
Because the high school was vandalized, Officer Kirk imposes a curfew.
He, Patrique, Chance, and her mother are soon captured by the Mai Mai.
Susan treats a street couple, one of whom has passed HIV to the other.
Penny and Leonard decide to invite the gang for a formal dinner party.
An entertainer, Jackie Flash, visits the camp to entertain the troops.
The gun was used to kill a cop and hidden there by one of his friends.
Benton illegally obtains Carla's ultrasound to look for abnormalities.
But when someone else takes credit for the joke, the boys are furious.
Grissom investigates an ant covered body that's been dead over a year.
Jamie and Fran, from Mad About You make an appearance in Central Perk.
Later, Joey teaches Ross to play Cups, and loses all the money to him.
Colonel Frank Brailie runs a private military foundation for soldiers.
Weaver worries about Sandy Lopez as she is reported missing in a fire.
Cordelia has a vision, which reveals that the Beast once knew Angelus.
Ben takes things to the next level with Sam, but she remains cautious.
A woman returns to County for the baby she previously abandoned there.
Lydia helps Loretta the prostitute outfit herself for a job interview.
Chen returns to the day shift, working with Weaver for the first time.
Josh resists Deborah's new office rules until she reveals their basis.
Paolo makes a pass at Phoebe, which ends his relationship with Rachel.
Everyone in the ER is trying to cope with the loss of their colleague.
From the water and the grave emerge the deadly unstoppable haemovores.
In the bathroom, Susan and Abby catch Weaver in a stall with a needle.
Abby becomes nurse manager, and argues with Carter about her drinking.
Doctor Dave eats cereal with Carol's breast milk from an emesis basin.
Grendel plans two weddings and a funeral to cement his hold over Tara.
Also, Grissom's leadership is questioned by some members of his staff.
It's eerily similar to two other replicas left at scenes of homicides.
A nearby tape recorder contains the person's supposed suicide message.
Harry Kim disappears from the holodeck during his holo-novel, Beowulf.
Henry gets a barbecue, and Hawkeye puts in a request for an incubator.
They locate a Major with 3 incubators, but he won't let them have one.
Henry's departure to Tokyo leaves Major Burns in charge of the 4077th.
Will the TARDIS crew be able to escape Nero's palace with their lives?
An alien presence has taken control of Earth's vital transport system.
She returns to the city to hook back up with Joey, but runs into Ross.
Everything is going well until Stan learns who these critters worship.
Jenny invites several people over for a party against Joanie's wishes.
It comes out that years before, Phoebe tried to do the same to Monica.
Rachel decides to come with her, but doesn't bother to read the books.
she hires Joey in order to fire him, so everyone will know who's boss.
Phoebe works, and works and works on a Christmas song for her friends.
Chandler can't make anything and Monica forgets until the last minute.
Abby pressures Carter to tell Weaver about the Vicodin he nearly took.
Cartman decides to cash in and make some commentary videos of his own.
However, Sheldon's lie becomes a bit too complicated for its own good.
They are in search of something that the Doctor left behind, long ago,
Lori Beth receives a letter from Richie in which he proposes marriage.
after she leaves, her patient experiences post-surgical complications.
Later, he treats a woman with breast cancer, who begs him to kill her.
Phoebe unknowingly ridicules every idea Mike has for proposing to her.
Ross shows the first few minutes of the tape and settles the argument.
On the day of his operation, he gets Miss Ellen to substitute for him.
Mr Garrison takes his class to the local planetarium for a field trip.
The Doctor must stop him, but Omega could be anywhere in the Universe,
Personalities collide when Sheldon and Leonard's mothers finally meet.
Once they donate it, Phoebe changes her mind and they ask for it back.
Monica finally agrees to let Phoebe massage her, and really enjoys it.
Debbie attempts to persuade Dakarai to seek treatment for his illness.
Rachel catches Monica waiting seductively in her bedroom for Chandler.
Monica inlists the help of her Aunt Iris to give them some poker tips.
Red Dwarf A to Z, The complete alphabetical list of everything Dwarfy.
Richie and his girlfriend, Arlene, break up after two weeks of dating.
During his investigation, he discovers that Fonzie is afraid of liver.
Rimmer looks for another dimension where he is not such a giant loser.
Rose needs the Doctor's help, but can she trust a man with a new face?
one die shows a four, the other is on it's edge between four and five.
Ross suggests to Carol that they spice up their non-existant sex life.
Ross can't stand hiding his feelings and he and Rachel break up again.
The gang goes with Monica to Pete's place see how a millionaire lives.
Everyone makes a pact not to bring dates to their New Years Eve Party.
he hits on every woman around,and hooks up with a weird one, Michelle.
The rotation of Ross and Rachel's roommates are disgustingly friendly.
Even after giving birth, a young girl insists that she's not pregnant.
Josh has an uncomfortable reunion with Russell campaign staffer Donna.
Pratt is concerned about Chen when she comes to work with a black eye.
Sheldon and Penny share intimate secrets while Leonard is away at sea.
When Howard romances Bernadette, Penny decides to try it with Leonard.
But, in order for those souls to remain at peace, Xena must stay dead.
Sisko is ordered to launch attacks against Cardassia and the Dominion.
The parents go off to New York to confront the network about the show.
Wesley's destiny is finally revealed to him when the Traveler returns.
In other news, Josh hires Charlie as a personal aide to the President.
Elements of the case suggest a connection with a belief in werewolves.
The CSIs hunt a cannibalistic killer and discover that he's not alone.
The Cat then decides to have a little fun with Lister and the implant,
The Doctor and Donna land in a frightening position in the far future.
But quarantine has already been broken and the death toll is mounting,
The Doctor has uncovered the malevolent force behind Global Chemicals.
Meanwhile, Peri may be forced to join the primitive Tribe of the Free,
The Doctor must defeat an ancient evil, but his greatest ally is gone.
And the gastropod leader, Mestor, is poised to launch a terrible plan,
The ER staffers are in decidedly unfestive moods as Christmas arrives.
The Sontarans finally invade the TARDIS itself, seeking the Great Key.
however, the Doctor soon learns that Maaga is both lying and mistaken.
The Vidiians capture Paris, Torres and Durst while on an away mission.
The confrontation with Mondas is drawing to an apocalyptic conclusion.
Returning to their own time, they find a future version of themselves.
And he concluded that these clues mean that someone else was involved,
The gang all play a game where they have to try to list all 50 states.
Rachel ends up sleeping with Barry instead of telling him to get lost.
The gang is furious when Irene dumps Coach after she wins the lottery.
If he gets them all, then he will be able to blot out the sun forever.
Sarah Jane falls victim to the same plague as the other Nerva crewmen.
Carla is admitted to the hospital after she goes into premature labor.
The toilet paper supply is worst hit, and then wounded start arriving.
Meanwhile, Sofia is wondering whether she fired the fatal shot or not.
Woody and Kelly are aware of the blunders occurring behind their back.
The gang discovers that Ursula is making porn movies in Phoebe's name.
What effect has the company's toxic waste had on the local wildlife, ?
Chen returns from maternity leave and treats a young boy with measles.
Ross goes back and forth on whether he thinks it's really a good idea.
When a drunk is found dead in the alley, it raises a lot of questions.
Klinger becomes chronically depressed, and Hot Lips gets appendicitis.
Charlie is assigned the responsibility of finding Jed a new secretary.
Sam tells Luka she's moving out, and Luka discusses the move with Alex.
Naturally, Nick is a suspect and to make it worse, Ecklie has the case.
However, Picard and the crew aren't sure whether or not to believe him.
For the A-Team this is a question of honor to help fellow Vietnam vets.
A patient accuses Pratt of inappropriate behavior during a breast exam.
A rebel ship captures an injured Dalek and asks the Doctor to treat it.
A rookie officer framed for departmental corruption takes Alex hostage.
The CSI who had the case has quit and they have to prove what happened.
Neela's cousin is in town, and Morris and Harold vie for her attention.
Meanwhile, Dee and Charlie decide to spend a day in each other's shoes.
we later see that Weaver left her pager in the bathroom at Doc Magoo's.
instead Chef tries to raise two million to hire Cochran for his appeal.
Ambassador Spock has disappeared and intelligence finds him on Romulus.
Their Korean house boy, Ho-Jon got accepted into Hawkeye's old college.
Bashir works around the clock to find a cure for the Founders' disease.
Abby catches Nicole in the maternity ward, recovering from an abortion.
Kovac and Abby go on a date, which is interrupted when they are mugged.
Mark strikes a deal with attorney Herb Spivak for legal representation.
The staff celebrates Carol's return with a surprise welcome back party.
The two are worked on in trauma and then are operated on up in Surgery.
Lucy's injuries appear serious when her chest needs to be cracked open.
Corday tries to help an anorexic girl determined to leave the hospital.
Chuck confronts a man who is a bit too interested in Susan's pregnancy.
The band, called Fingerbang, gets a gig playing at the South Park Mall.
Due to a mix-up, she thinks Chandler is a doctor and Monica a reverend.
Joey persuades a reluctant Phoebe to set him up with her friend, Sarah.
Ross uses weird gestures he made up as a kid instead of offensive ones.
She gets more than she expects and can't turn it off, so she dumps him.
Coach and Sam become unlikely romantic rivals for Coach's new neighbor.
As it turns out, he was named after his parents, Bea and Jay Hunnicutt.
Dennis and Mac decide to purchase a gun after the bar's safe is stolen.
However, Kim soon becomes jealous when Marayna shows interest in Tuvok.
Belach has spent his life trying to avoid becoming what his father was.
Chandler finds out Aurora is married and already has another boyfriend.
He recounts his frustrations at not being more effective at the 4077th.
Triviette infiltrates his gang to bring him back to justice once again.
Garrison is still in hiding two weeks before the presidential election.
Neela's med student gets the entire surgical department into a lawsuit.
They have to do this under budget while Catherine is watched by Ecklie.
Hawkeye and BJ race against the clock to save a soldier from paralysis.
Henr'i challenges Sam to a contest to see who's the bigger ladies' man.
To save money, he decides to allow Fonzie's students to build the room.
It's Fonzie's birthday, and past clips are shown as the gang reminisce.
Father Mulcahy discovers a soldier alive that had been pronounced dead.
The staff, especially Neela, are enthusiastic about a surprise visitor.
It's Thanksgiving in the ER, and everyone prepares for the festivities.
Joanie daydreams about the gang singing romantic Valentine's Day songs.
Rachel and Monica are frightened by a hairy man in a dark storage room.
later, after a visit to the doctor, they learn that the baby is a girl.
In the end, Ruby allows Carter to tell him the truth about his chances.
He leaves to get her a ring, when the South Korean army conscripts him.
Can the Doctor stop him and foil Josiah's plans to take over the world?
Mark calls in sick to spend time with his wife, leaving Doug in charge.
Div shows signs of snapping, overreacting at the slightest provocation.
Benton's familial duties earn him a waist-high stack of back paperwork.
Emma ends up with pierced ears, and Rachel realizes Amy is beyond help.
Rachel then tells Phoebe and Monica about Ross's Princess Leia fantasy.
Stan thinks it's spooky, but his mother makes him graciously accept it.
Kate and C.J. have to deal with emergencies in Bolivia and North Korea.
Meanwhile, B'Elanna fears that she and Tom aren't meant to be together.
a fully ambulatory Donna has difficulty scheduling a meeting with Josh.
Penny seeks Sheldon's help to better comprehend Leonard's physics work.
Sheldon works on his sense of humor and Raj practices talking to girls.
Joey struggles with hunger, but in the end gets to eat everyone's food.
Giles and Anya seek answers and learn of a weakness in the Slayer line.
Quark enters into the booming business of arms dealing with his cousin.
Rachel, ready to reveal her feelings to Ross, meets him at the airport.
Shocked, they decide to get an annulment once they're back in New York.
Ross gets angry and Rachel decides not to go, unless he drinks the fat.
Ross hasn't gotten the annulment yet, but he has gotten a little crazy.
Shep's refusal to see a psychiatrist risks his relationship with Carol.
Stuart and Bernadette work together to replace a comic book for Howard.
But as she departs, Xena's spirit promises to be with Gabrielle always.
Willow finds Andrew buying blood and decides to take him prisoner also.
Stardate: Unknown Doctor Crusher falls in love with a Trill Ambassador.
Whilst there, a spaceship crashes into Big Ben and lands in the Thames.
The Doctor begins to investigate the mysteriously wealthy planet Zanak.
The Doctor finally uncovers the truth about Alzarius and the Starliner.
The Doctor has uncovered the reasons behind the killings on Zeta Minor.
The Enterprise encounters a vast alien ship that sets out to test them.
The Master has been proclaimed a messiah by a fanatical religious cult.
The Ood warn of a danger that spreads across the whole of the universe.
Meanwhile, Alex finds herself in danger of exposure to the Ebola virus.
The TARDIS materialises on Dulkis, a world where war has been outlawed.
Resistance begins to build, with the Doctor squarely in the crosshairs.
The boys soon learn being real detectives isn't as fun as they thought.
Unfortunately, it doesn't work and Epideme begins to regenerate itself.
Unfortunately the planet was destroyed, and the cure did not lie there.
The entire CSI team investigates a disappearance at a local university.
They find a time and matter transporter on board and take it with them.
The gang heads to Dennis and Dee's favorite childhood vacationing spot.
Kryten then transfers the virus to his CPU in an attempt to diffuse it.
The guys purchase a boat to party and experience life on the high seas.
They immediately sign Butters up as a guest with a a strange deformity.
It is left to Father Jack to stop the Bishop from sending them packing.
She in turn blames her ex-husband who, consequently, is found murdered.
How far will the brutal Marshal go to retain his power over the planet?
Toby's brother is in danger on a space shuttle whose doors won't close.
But its imprisonment may have already set in motion a terrible revenge.
The weather in Barbados is finally nice, but only during Ross's speech.
A recovering Dubenko trails the staff via a two-way television hook-up.
Carter gives Maggie a ride to the bus station to return to Minneapolis.
Leo and Toby start to face harsh realities about Bartlet's re-election.
First it's Charlie, then she will strike too close to home for Columbo.
Corday freezes again during surgery, but is able to overcome her fears.
Cartman and Kenny are excluded and they decide to build one themselves.
When Joxer cleans up at the gaming house, he is beaten nearly to death.
In the meantime, the real Gabrielle is making her way back to Potidaea.
With the Doctor now reluctantly admitting to genocide, things look bad.
Meanwhile, a new soldier, Boots Miller, is released on a Section Eight.
Brenner has difficulty finding a family member to care for the daughter.
Their guide is eventually devoured by a snake, and they become stranded.
Neela's parents visit, confused by her decision to drop out of Michigan.
A man driving with a wooden stake in his head dies in front of a casino.
A man is killed after winning a fortune and then dumping his girlfriend.
However, Janeway suspects that this turn of luck is too good to be true.
Now the agents have to find a way to stop the dog before it kills again.
The case involves a missing woman, a long dead body and a missing child.
A woman is found dead in a hotel suite with symptoms of the ebola virus.
They want to sacrifice him to their God, because their faith demands it.
Burns has been arrested for antics with a general and his wife in Seoul.
All is well, and Radar returns the spirit post to its original position.
It seems that no matter how angry Wendy is, all the bets are on Cartman.
Will is unsuccessful in hiding his fear of flying from C.J. and Charlie.
On Gallifrey, a powerful creature is attempting to take over the Doctor.
They only take one mouthful out of the bottle and are immediately drunk.
Angel takes a job protecting a well-known actress from a crazed stalker.
They do not realize that the Slayer is alive, right where they left her.
now Sam and Charlie are helping him in his effort to reconcile with her.
Rimmer decides it would be best if she tried it on something else first.
after Ritchie declines to meet Bartlet, Sam and Toby play a dirty trick.
Andy goes into labor after once again refusing Toby's marriage proposal.
the trip to California to help Sam's campaign gets off to a rocky start.
The Doctor and his companions will be lucky just to stay out of his way,
Carter debates whether to report Edson for falsifying a patient's chart.
Weaver and Legaspi treat a young, suicidal girl who caused the accident.
Luka finds Sam's pregnancy test, and discovers that she's not expecting.
Cartman's disappearance from social media is investigated by the police.
The swing shift are brought into the world of foreign mail-order brides.
Ross ends up wearing a women's blouse,, the same blouse Joan is wearing.
Chandler convinces Monica to use the good china dishes for Thanksgiving.
A client of Phoebe's needs a new head-chef, so Monica auditions for him.
Frank uses the decision and it's following consequences to his own gain.
She even starts flirting with Parker, Buffy's first college infatuation.
Soon after, the AARP shows up to fight for the rights of their comrades.
Sam is increasingly concerned about the Wilde campaign in Orange County.
Phoebe dates a Larry, a health inspector she met at Monica's restaurant.
Lord Belach hunts down the Centaurs and kills them all except for Xenan.
Joey and Chandler have to get a new table, but can't agree on which one.
While running away from the army, they have to find the missing brother.
Face runs into an old friend from the POW camp the A-Team used to be in.
Fonzie, Chachi, and Roger each describe their versions of what happened.
Callisto kills Perdicas, filling Gabrielle with a deep need for revenge.
Neela treats two Amish kids who were injured on a sojourn into the city.
Gates and Morris tend to an elderly man who was assaulted on the street.
Grissom and Catherine investigate a movie-goer who was stabbed to death.
Romano operates on an 11-year-old girl and finds she's genetically male.
When he finds out that she's seeing an old boyfriend, he throws her out.
Barlet is having problems selecting a site for his Presidential library.
Jimbo and Ned go to Mexico, hoping to smuggle fireworks over the border.
Jessica agrees, but only so that they can expose Jonathan's true killer.
They try to cut her out of their lives by ignoring her, without success.
Joey tries to keep Ross away from Rachel until he can straighten it out.
Terrence bets that he can clone a human before Kyle can make his animal.
Mankind's evolution begins to accelerate at a rapid and disturbing pace.
From the time they arrive, Mother Kelp does nothing but critcize Marion.
At his funeral stateside, old friends and colleagues pay their respects.
Deb wows Benton with her presentation, leaving Carter in the rear again.
Benton uncovers some disturbing information concerning Vucelich's study.
Many patients come in to the ER from an accident involving a prison van.
A deep voice announces that a transmogrification is about to take place.
Miniaturized clones of the Doctor and Leela are injected into his brain.
However, she lent them to Phoebe, who lent them to Rachel, who lost one.
his grandmother comes over to watch the show, but his part has been cut.
Joey quickly improvises a scene on video tape and slips it into the VCR.
He knows of the Doctor and is determined to rid himself of both of them.
Josh brings a little bit of Tahiti to his relationship with Amy Gardner.
Kenny gets his period too, and they plan a New Year's celebration alone.
Margaret rejects Frank's advances and he gets drunk late into the night.
Penny's job offer from a former boyfriend doesn't sit well with Leonard.
Greene treats three young students who have been huffing carpet cleaner.
Once they return from the bedroom and discover Emma is gone, they panic.
They are in the right place and the right time, but on the wrong planet.
Luisa tries to shoot Marcel with a tranquilizer but hits Phoebe instead.
After surgery, Hawkeye goes to the Officers Club where he gets hammered.
After several warnings to obey his commands, he puts them all on report.
Meanwhile, Howard is frustrated by Marion's ineptness at playing bridge.
Richie, Potsie, and Ralph go on a trip to Chicago with the school choir.
When they can't get a big name to play the part, Fonzie agrees to do it.
Riley pursues a demon to Sunnydale and seeks Buffy's help in killing it.
Rimmer and Lister attempt to adjust to life in prison in the worst area.
Ross tells Joey not to go after her, which just makes him want her more.
Monica can't bend that way and Joey gets Stage Fright, leaving Chandler.
He takes a job as a waiter at the coffee house to earn some extra money.
Ross goes on a date with a Kristen, a woman from his apartment building.
Phoebe, and her panel of women decide Ross is still in love with Rachel.
Sam enters Diane in the Miss Boston Barmaid contest without telling her.
Abby, Pratt and Morris conspire about how to deal with a shared problem.
Sheldon and Amy go on a trip to wine country with Howard and Bernadette.
Meanwhile, a lonesome Raj is smitten after a date set up by his parents.
Sheldon is ordered to take some time off and finds relaxing challenging.
Sisko discovers that Kasidy is smuggling medical supplies to the Maquis.
Abby returns to her apartment, where Carter catches her drinking a beer.
He chases her all over the city until he finds her at the train station.
However when justice is done on the culprit he takes a terrible revenge.
Entertainment comes in the shape of St Kevin's Stump and the Magic Road.
Meanwhile Murdock is worried about the truck he won on Wheel of Fortune.
So they try to stop an extortionist terrorizing a small fishing village.
The Doctor and Jamie work to free Isobel and Zoe from Vaughn's clutches.
The Doctor and Leela investigate the strange events in Victorian London.
The Doctor and Romana are brought to an ancient tower to meet the Lords.
But they've got Mandrells, drug smugglers and police chasing after them.
The Doctor and Romana have uncovered the terrible truth about the Lords.
The Doctor and the Thals escape from the Dalek base and reunite with Jo.
The Doctor discovers the terrible truth behind the Physic Circus's acts.
The Doctor has escaped the catastrophic destruction of a parallel world.
The Doctor is determined to make contact with the mysterious sea devils.
The Doctor is now the prisoner of the Master and the gullible Trenchard.
The Doctor prepares to launch into space and rescue the Mars astronauts.
Can he broker a peace between them and the humans before war breaks out?
The ER is flooded with injured children following a school bus accident.
Lou persuades Josh to get Santos to clean house with his campaign staff.
The boys are excited to spend a day ziplining in the Colorado Mountains.
That night, he breaks out with the help of his cellmate, Charles Manson.
Finally the others are well enough for Hawkeye to stop working and rest.
He is thanked for his service with a commemorative roll of toilet paper.
Kryten throws them the gauntlet before getting killed by The Inquisitor.
They come to their senses just in time, and head back for the Red Dwarf.
David begins to propose to Phoebe, but Mike shows up and proposes first.
The guys and their girls go on a camping trip for their Spring vacation.
Soon the women of South Park grow tired of the fad, as does Mr Garrison.
But the King's closest counsel has been murdered, apparently by a ghost,
The time travellers are now prisoners in a city atop a dangerous jungle.
The world's most boring priest comes to stay, and he just won't go away.
Abby visits her cancer patient, leading her to get a baseline mammogram.
The tractators are in full control, slowly carrying out a gruesome plan,
The whole town pulls together to save the hunters and South Park itself.
Voyager is ambushed by a race known as the Hazari with no way of escape.
Romano talks Benton into taking a job as County's director of diversity.
When Luka answers a call for help, he discovers not everyone is pleased.
The land owner hires them, to get rid of an old man and his teenage son.
Meanwhile, Kenny avoids the whole mess by taking Home Economics instead.
Scully and Reyes take refuge in an abandoned town where Doggett grew up.
Xena must free Hades' sister Celesta, Death herself, from King Sisyphus.
only to discover it wasn't the one they thought, but her child, instead.
A Korean woman with a baby comes looking for the father, and names Radar.
A TV sitcom, Buds, turns out to be less friendly than the producer hoped.
A bomb goes off in an office building killing one and injuring many more.
Warrick and Catherine hunt for the killer of a NBA star's 5 year old son.
The Doctor works to defeat them, but victory may come at a terrible cost.
Abby begins her psych rotation, while Neela moves on to the research lab.
Benton grapples with his own demons in the wake of his mother's collapse.
Abby's mother decides to stay in Chicago, causing Abby even more trouble.
After a night of passion with Buffy, Angel awakens as a soulless monster.
Chandler surprises Monica by announcing he's been taking dancing lessons.
They hire Johnny Cochran and win, now Chef owes them two million dollars.
Strange forces are at work and two backpackers are caught up in the them.
Meanwhile, Lilah continues to work on recruiting Wesley for the bad guys.
He meets a young woman there and finds they work in complementary fields.
The woman asks Richie to go with her on a trip to Venice, and he accepts.
Arson is intended to remove the Rodeo doctor and his patient permanently.
Also C.J. gets interviewed by Babish and Donna approaches Josh for a job.
Meanwhile, Skinner deals with the Cigarette Smoking Man for their safety.
Abby returns to work and must adjust to the dramatic changes in her life.
But soon, defects appear, and younger isn't the only thing he's becoming,
C.J. fends off Danny's advances when she suspects he's after a big story.
Benton's nephew Jesse comes to the ER after getting in a fight at school.
Greene continues an abrupt personality change in the wake of his surgery.
Unfortunately, their newfound knowledge is wanted by the U.S. Government.
He helps Kyle stop his little brother's affair with his Nice hot teacher.
Discovery of the man's identity lead the team to the world of robot wars.
He happens to be moving out, so he offers to let Joey have his apartment.
Rachel abuses Emma's pediatrician too much, so she has to find a new one.
It's a draw, but Chandler lets Ross win so he can impress Mona, his date.
They end up fighting the whole time and Chandler's afraid it may be over.
Since Monica can see into his apartment, he makes a fake Ben to fool her.
Doug and Carol ponder parenthood when Carol realizes she may be pregnant.
Now, the plane has been found, along with the body of one of the crewmen.
But he is already on his way to Metebelis III, home of the giant spiders,
The staff feels defensive toward the new Chief and her tough disposition.
Kasidy has a hard time adjusting to her new role as wife of the Emissary.
Father Mulcahy writes a pre-Christmas letter to his sister, who is a nun.
Fonzie comes down with a terrible toothache but refuses to see a dentist.
Fonzie is, initially, happy to have a brother but soon comes to hate him.
Forced to use his vacation time, Sheldon dabbles in biology in Amy's lab.
Hawkeye claims he is married to avoid promises he made to several nurses.
Upon hearing this, Buffy breaks down and tries to quit her Slayer duties.
Carol visits Meg, who has now had her son and is preparing to go to jail.
Their investigation leads them to the underground world of s and m clubs.
Nick & Warrick investigate the murder of a landlord killed by a band saw.
The investigation is more complex than the team ever thought it would be.
Catherine and Warrick investigate the hit and run death of a little girl.
Having breached the citadel, the Doctor discovers the long-lost Xeraphin.
Hugh Creighton is a successful criminal lawyer who has never lost a case.
Ike goes through Canadian Puberty as a result of receiving steroid pills.
Buffy is dead, and the Scooby Gang must do the best they can without her.
Janet has won the election and is hosting her press conference at Cheers.
When the woman she is mistaken for is killed, Jessica finds the murderer.
There is much ill-will and Ned is injured, too much to skipper his craft.
Jessica sets out to prove that the death of a young movie buff is murder.
Joanie enlists Fonzie to be her partner for a marathon dance at Arnold's.
She mentions that she and Chachi have had their problems over the summer.
Joanie thinks she's found true love in Jefferson High's star quarterback.
The gang's attempts to make Ross look good for Paul continually backfire.
Joey's guitar teacher is Phoebe, who doesn't know any actual chord names.
Rachel finds out about Monica and Chandler, and is dying to tell someone.
Finally, she decides to go for it and goes to the airport for his return.
but Joey likes the tips, so he has a hard time going along with the plan.
Phoebe tells Joey that his affection for Rachel are just a passing crush.
Kenny tries to land a job when the town of South Park begins gentrifying.
Kes begins traveling backwards through time from the moment of her death.
Kryten wakes up on a moon surrounded by the remains of a crashed Starbug.
Mephesto takes some blood from Stan, which Terrence uses to make a clone.
Leo is rushed into bypass surgery after suffering a massive heart attack.
Leonard asks a woman out after he finds out that Penny is seeing someone.
Language presents a challenge when Neela and Abby treat a good Samaritan.
Mawdryn as his crew are desperate to be released from their living death.
Phoebe finds out that Ben goes to the same private school as Sting's son.
Maltin tells Chef to call Robert Smith of The Cure to come to the rescue.
The agents find and must protect a young boy who may be a real stigmatic.
Sarah and Alex defy Sam and sneak off to a party, with dire consequences.
A snowstorm strands Banfield and Morris at a Nebraska medical conference.
Also Grissom investigates the brutal murder of a woman found in an alley.
Nick and Riley witness a man in a police costume rob a convenience store.
Meanwhile, the world is focused on South Park, since Jesus resides there.
When all the tallies are in, Cartman is over drawn in the naughty column.
Howard sees green when Leonard invites Bernadette to watch an experiment.
Carter misinforms Rena and tells her that he and Abby had a past liaison.
Pratt and a new doctor on the scene disagree on how to teach the interns.
Emotionally fragile Romano receives negative news regarding his recovery.
Alderman Bright returns, bearing financial gifts of gratitude for Weaver.
Then Rachel, for whom the video was intended gets a bit freaked out, too.
a few minutes later, Rachel shows up, having realized she loves him, too.
when the group complains, he diverts their attention to their own faults.
Monica hears an old message from Richard and thinks that it might be new.
Russell is taken hostage after a teenager opens fire in a police station.
Sheldon and Amy decide to start rumors about themselves as a social test.
Meanwhile, a less-than-perfect romantic night agonizes Leonard and Penny.
Bashir suspects Section 31 of creating and releasing the Founder's virus.
Picard must face surgery when his artificial heart begins to malfunction.
Stardate: Unknown The Romulans are suspected in an attempt to kill Garak.
Luka treats a young man using his portable catheter for heroin injection.
Carla shows up in the ER and Carter gives her a tour, with Benton in tow.
Ted narrowly avoids incriminating himself to save Dougal's worthless hide
The A-Team has to fight against time, since their delivery starts to rot.
The A-Team is on their way home with the rescued woman on an ocean-liner.
The case leads to the victim's sister, who suffers from the same disease.
The CSIs investigate when a local family is reported missing for a month.
Only the Doctor and the Movellans stand between them and their objective.
The Doctor and Romana are swept up in the political machinations of Tara.
But something even more dangerous may be waiting, deep in the rocks^aEUR|
Monsters and ghosts lurk in the background and the Daleks are closing in,
The Doctor believes the problems at Wenley Moor originate from the caves.
The Doctor frantically searched for a cure to the deadly silurian plague.
Leela works to free him but the Gatherer is already laying his own plans,
The Doctor takes Donna back to Pompeii, on the day of the eruption of Mt.
The Enterprise encounters an alien who claims to be the Greek god Apollo.
The Rani has fooled the Doctor into helping her complete her experiments.
Abbey decides to get back into medicine by volunteering at a free clinic.
Sam and Bruno are concerned about the loyalty of a powerful labor leader.
The TARDIS crew seems destined to end up as exhibits in the space museum.
The city of Telos is not quite as dead as the archeologists have assumed.
Raj and Stuart are planning a singles only party at The Comic Book Store.
, whereupon Kryten suggests that something has changed his physical form.
she's unsure whether to take it, since she still isn't attracted to Pete.
When combined, many seemingly-innocuous events may have a deadly outcome.
The gang finds a baby in a dumpster, and Dee and Mac decide to raise him.
Will calls Josh out about the staff's disrespect for Russell's candidacy.
He has a plan to change history and a strange connection with the Doctor,
But is Mr Jefferson just your average neighbor, or is he hiding a secret?
While they are there, they pick up BJ Hunnicut and take him back to camp.
Walker comes back from Los Angeles with Sammo Law to track down a killer.
Warrick and Grissom investigate the death of a man found at a foam party.
In the wake of his Vicodin slip, Carter is banned from prescribing drugs.
Weaver and Susan's feud escalates to the point where Mark has to step in.
Kanye West trys to convince everyone that Kim Kardashian is not a Hobbit.
The trail leads the trio to an alien world hidden in the heart of London.
He wants to cheat death by holding her hostage, thus prolonging his life.
A baby's life is endangered when the surrogate mother refuses a C-section.
Fingerprints at the scene seem to match a twenty year old kidnapping case.
He and Susan treat a law student/med student who has been cutting herself.
The A-Team takes over the diner for a few days and Murdock is in full cry!
The police officer at the scene believes Grissom has a grudge against him.
A bigger company tries to destroy this company with every possible method.
A step-father may have been eliminated by his step-son, a graffiti artist.
He drives Fonzie crazy and is rude to everyone he comes into contact with.
Warrick is caught in a casino on duty and is paired with a reluctant Sara.
They eventually track it down, capture it and return themselves to normal.
After Charles loans B.J. two hundred dollars, he begins to take advantage.
After an FBI raid on a doomsday cult called the Temple of the Seven Stars.
Amid the chaos, Buffy hears a killer planning a mass murder at the school.
After one date with Jennifer Jerome, Potsie wants to ask her to marry him.
legislation to clean up Chesapeake Bay is sacrificed to partisan politics.
All paths are converging back to the mysterious ship in orbit above Earth.
When he goes to see what is causing noises downstairs, he finds a burglar.
Frank almost botches the swap when he brings a squirt gun to the exchange.
Bartlet confers with Babish on the legal ramifications of his MS cover-up.
Zoey is kidnapped from a nightclub on the night of her college graduation.
Carter, Debbie and Gillian find Luka in a compound nearby, close to death.
she makes everything imaginable out of cups, and serves every kind of ice.
Benton is hailed as a miracle worker after he seemingly heals a blind man.
Carlos' nephew is in trouble with the law when a gun is found in his room.
Monica caters the wedding, but falls behind and recruits everyone to help.
Wendy conducts interviews with various ER staffers for an article on Mark.
Doug confides in Mark that he plans to marry Carol in a surprise ceremony.
Cartman suffers a head wound after trying to fly from the top of his roof.
Cartman's fed up with Twitter when he's the latest victim of body-shaming.
Phoebe's new psychiatrist boyfriend, Roger, depresses and angers everyone.
Unfortunately, someone else buys the ring before Chandler has a chance to.
Phoebe makes matters worse by suggesting that Chandler is angry with them.
The next morning, Ross retrieves his messages while at Rachel's apartment.
Hawkeye and B.J. outsmart him, and he is left holding the worthless scrip.
Legion will not allow them to leave and continue the search for Red Dwarf,
After working together, Wendy finds that she has an attraction to Cartman.
Carter visits Chase, who has suffered brain damage from a heroin overdose.
Dawn sneaks out and spends Halloween night with a friend and two hot guys.
Diane suffers a mysterious allergic reaction after moving in with Frasier.
Divisions abound in the ER in the aftermath of Luka's and Pratt's actions.
Sarah neglects to ask Gates' permission before getting her tongue pierced.
Doctor Kevin Moretti, an ICU specialist bent on change, joins the ER team.
Using Sarah as a liaison, he is able to warn the Doctor and the Brigadier.
The TARDIS materialises in a quarry and Sarah is trapped under a rockfall.
Nicha, Xena and Gabrielle convince Belach that peace is the best solution.
Rachel takes Phoebe and Joey to a charity event which her boss is hosting.
Warrick and Sara look into the apparent suicide of a troubled young woman.
The gun is connected to a week old murder across town that Warrick caught.
Phoebe tries to come to terms with the cruelty of having a Christmas tree.
If that wouldn't be enough, Murdock believes that he can become invisible.
Doctor Corday adjusts to the differences between British and American ERs.
However, to get him to go, they tell him they're going to a sporting camp.
Mark and Elizabeth go out on a double date with her mother and his father.
Cartman hires Butters as his pit boss to gear up for the race of his life.
Langston has a courtroom war of nerves against serial killer Nate Haskell.
Odo buys an infant changeling from Quark that was found drifting in space.
Lister's busy day of annoying Rimmer is interrupted by a monstrous attack.
Abby learns about Doctor Dubenko's condition, and we learn his first name.
But of course he feels she is out of her league and needs more experience.
Benton's overconfidence during Keaton's absence results in a dire mistake.
the next day at brunch, Ross and Doctor Green find something to bond over.
She poses as Susan and tries to use Ben to get tickets to Sting's concert.
Morris talks with a shrink about his experience with the jewelery thieves.
Neelix is caring for Naomi Wildman while her mother is on an away mission.
While trying to share his feelings with Rachel, Ross is attacked by a cat.
Chen later dumps him when he states his feelings about their relationship.
Rebecca finds she can't tear herself away from the bar's new slot machine.
Northumbria, 1066. The time-travellers find themselves in a Saxon village.
The TARDIS materialises in a white void, but the travellers are not alone,
Odo also learns that a virus is slowly wiping out the changeling Founders.
Officer Barbrady shoots an unarmed kid and is fired from the police force.
On Exxilon, the Daleks are mining an ore vital the survival of the Galaxy.
They go through the wormhole, and meet an alternate version of themselves.
When he finally gets it open, he discovers a terrible, messy pile of junk.
however, only Ross witnesses this behavior and can't convince anyone else.
Monica is releaved that Richard thinks her neurotic behavior is endearing.
Rachel convinces him that his relationship with Emily doesn't have to end.
Professor Proton pays Sheldon a visit after Sheldon suffers a tragic loss.
Ross sends her a singing telegram, and continues to be jealous about Mark.
Monica learns that 'Work Chandler' is a suck-up with an exaggerated laugh.
Raj and Howard try to figure out Sheldon's secret daily afternoon routine.
They return to their quarters and see a very old Lister lying in the bunk.
And then I met a man called The Doctor . A man that could change his face.
Phoebe and Mike struggle with their break-up, and are drawn back together.
Ross and Monica's parents have their 35th anniversary party in Massapequa.
but during a confrontation with her, Phoebe gets thrown out of the casino.
At Susan's one-month review, Weaver suggests that she be more of a leader.
Scully and Reyes join forces to try and find Doggett when he goes missing.
Stardate: Unknown The Argrathi falsely accuses Miles O'Brien of espionage.
Shep, still suffering from Raul's death, is surly with new partner Reilly.
He declares his love for her, but she decides to leave for Phoenix anyway.
The 4077th is given a gift of fresh-grown vegetables by a grateful Korean.
How is Count Scarlioni living in two times at once? And what does he want?
The Doctor and his companions strive to defeat both Davros and the Daleks.
The Doctor arranges to meet his old foe the Master on the planet Tersurus.
The Doctor, Jamie and Zoe continue their voyage through the strange world.
The Fendahl is returning to life, ready to consume everything in its path.
The TARDIS is dragged to planet Vortis and held there by an unknown force.
The boys are playing junior detectives, and have to find a kidnapped doll.
The boys go to Nebraska to spend the holidays with Cartman's grandparents.
Joey, thinking that Phoebe is pregnant, proposes marriage and she accepts.
The gang is divided when Psycho Pete is released from the mental hospital.
All the crew get their emotions back and they are free from the polymorph.
Fonzie is primed to fight, but Father Delvecchio makes him promise not to.
The planet's survival depends on the tourists their Leisure Hive attracts.
The team investigates two apparent corpses who aren't exactly dead at all.
a beautiful stripper discovered dead and dumped in the worst part of town.
Joey and Charlie realize they don't have anything in common, and break up.
Pratt brings a man, pronounced dead, back to life which infuriates Kayson.
Stan's father, a geologist, discovers that the mountain is going to erupt.
Voyager encounters a group of nomadic Klingons aboard a generational ship.
Walker and Alex make preparations for the impending arrival of their baby.
Walker and Trivette investigate the death of a high school football coach.
Walker seeks to disprove 40 years of UFO sightings in a small, Texas town.
Wendy photoshops fellow cheerleader Lisa Burger, who then becomes popular.
Meanwhile lawyers from Wolfram & Hart make another visit to Angel's hotel.
Meanwhile, Krycek is found to be reporting Mulder's activities to the CSM.
As the magick begins to control her, it becomes clear that no one is safe.
Will Bailey receives an offer to become Vice President Russell's top aide.
He doesn't know who to rip on for being the poorest kid in school anymore.
But the resident ghost killer tells her he can only be harmed by the dead,
Deb outshines Carter after he is up all night preparing for a presentation.
The crime scene is compromised when it rains shortly after the CSIs arrive.
She runs into problems with the city engineer responsible for the building.
however, he is seen leaving the house by a witness who happens to be blind.
Meanwhile, a woman is grief-stricken over the sudden death of her grandson.
A group of con artists impersonate Captain Janeway and the crew of Voyager.
Klinger pretends to be in Toledo in yet another attempt to get a Section 8.
Meanwhile, Toby is more than usually morose after the death of his brother.
A terminally ill nun appears to have committed the cardinal sin of suicide.
Sam is puzzled by a teen patient's changing symptoms and abrasive behavior.
Neela's intern makes her proud when he deftly handles a critical situation.
To receive health insurance, Mac and Charlie enter the corporate workforce.
A priestess is brought in, who exhibits her dance and her bells and chants.
Now, Ballinger and his students take up the unsolved case as their project.
After she threatens to beat up Cartman after school, Wendy gets in trouble.
After the loss of Amy and Rory, the Doctor has withdrawn from the universe.
Joey and Ross get stuck on the roof and spend the night trying to get down.
Amy and Rory are trapped aboard a space liner crashing on a distant planet.
CSI investigates the death of a little girl whose identity remains unknown.
Carol finds herself at a career crossroads when her MCAT results come back.
Pratt's friend convinces him to attend an old friend's 30th birthday party.
meanwhile Mr Mackey just wants to know who dropped the deuce in the urinal.
Grissom, Nick, and Warrick deal with the death of a man in a homeless area.
But when the million is paid, they learn that his mistress is already dead.
Warrick and Grissom look into the case of a man found murdered in an alley.
Complicating their efforts, the medical examiner lost the body for 11 days.
Monica choses Catwoman for her costume and a big pink bunny for Chandler's.
Unfortunately, Joey's devotion to the bag ends up costing him the audition.
Chandler finds out a lot of people think he's gay when they first meet him.
Time is running out as they emerge from the mine to menace the entire area.
Coach becomes a slave driver when he's put in charge of Little League team.
Corday discovers that her mother and David Greene spent the night together.
Dateline does a series retrospective right before the show's final episode.
Sam staffs the President in Josh's absence and welcomes an old friend home.
Drogyn arrives in L.A., badly wounded, to point the finger at his attacker.
Warrick investigates a man's death of an apparent heat stroke in his house.
Meanwhile, the Doctor and Zoe try to discover the creatures' weakness^aEUR|
En route to Atlantic City for a charity event, Mac, Frank and Dee get lost.
The Doctor is captured by Chase, who plans to breed the stolen Krynoid pod.
Mr Garrison informs them all that there is a new student joining the class.
Meanwhile, Gabrielle is tortured by the Furies, causing her to turn on Eve.
Fonzie has to have his tonsils removed and will miss a big Halloween party.
By not doing so, he runs the risk of being ruled against and getting fired.
Fonzie survives an explosion at the garage triggered by the counterfeiters.
and Gerald and Cartman worry about their Internet histories being revealed.
Giles returns with a device that may be able to deactivate Spike's trigger.
Ecklie is promoted and Catherine wants a promotion to day shift supervisor.
Grissom and his team investigate the starving death of a five year old boy.
Father Mulcahy finds the news hard to take, as Cavanaugh was a hero of his.
Meanwhile, Leonard mentions something in the bedroom that freaks out Penny.
His widow insists he is dead and Jessica hires Harry McGraw to investigate.
It is announced that Morn has died and has left his entire estate to Quark.
Carter and Anna struggle to understand a man afflicted with cerebral palsy.
As the rumor circulates, Fonzie is added to it as being the child's father.
when he's making his pitch to the deciding professor, it puts him to sleep.
Joey has a one night stand and wants Rachel to dump the girl, Erin for him.
While at Barry and Mindy's wedding, they decide their relationship is over.
she goes to the airport to catch him before he leaves, but just misses him.
Rachel talks with Monica and Phoebe about her unresolved feelings for Ross.
Josh investigates the suicide of a pilot with whom he has things in common.
Klinger saves Winchester's life when an explosion rocks the operating room.
and B.J. is reluctant to reveal the extent of his injuries after the blast.
Josh and Amy argue over whether Stackhouse is siphoning votes from Bartlet.
Sam unscrews Romano's hand and Lewis locks it up for the rest of the shift.
When they follow her home, they encounter something beyond their imagining.
Luka is startled when he spies Ames lurking outside his apartment building.
The police can do nothing, so Luka decides to confront the problem himself.
Meanwhile, Rachel, being alone in her apartment decides to go around naked.
Mrs Marsh's monthly visitor, Aunt Flo, gives Stan a goldfish for a present.
Miss Crabtree's bus is stranded on a snowy cliff, and she go and find help.
and Klinger and Winchester bet on which baseball team will win the pennant.
It's the Gem of Amarra, a ring which has been a vampire myth for millennia.
PC Principal plays peacemaker between the girls and the boys one more time.
Phoebe avoids going to the dentist because whenever she goes, someone dies.
Joey's play gets bad reviews, prompting the director to break up with Kate.
Then they have to try to clear them off, because Ben's coming over to play.
Abby visits Luka, and finds him in the middle of saying goodbye to Gillian.
Chandler gets a toy stuck in his throat and Monica takes him to the doctor.
Joey discovers that Phoebe's boyfriend, Jake is wearing Phoebe's underwear.
Phoebe tell's Joey that it's a sign that Jake is secure in his masculinity.
Monica finally gets her to a doctor but then Rachel won't use the eyedrops.
But Mona comes over to his apartment early and finds out ahead of schedule.
When Phoebe finds out about the possible side-effects, she fears the worst.
Phoebe is reluctant because of Monica's picky nature, but finally gives in.
Robin on the other hand has dared Sam to a series of adolescent challenges.
Reconciliation comes from Sam and Diane after an unexpected turn of events.
Monica invites Phoebe to play with it but then doesn't like Phoebe's ideas.
she gives it away and gets a can of soda in return, which contains a thumb.
Doyle treats an abused woman, and conspires to help her escape her husband.
But the Doctor must stop him, because the consequences would be disastrous.
Benton runs into an old friend, Carla Reese, at Jackie and Walt's barbecue.
Carter and Kem scatter their son's ashes, and Carter asks her to marry him.
Hawkeye and Trapper operate on an intelligence officer against regulations.
Gabrielle realizes that she must sacrifice her friend for the greater good.
Abby is still on her surgical rotation and Romano is still riding her hard.
Kem returns to Chicago, just in time for a Carter Foundation board meeting.
Doug discovers that his father has disappeared with a lot of Karen's money.
Meanwhile, Brass has a decision to make when his daughter attempts suicide.
What lies at the bottom of the nearby lake and is the Doctor really Merlin?
Can they get away with the cure for the deadly disease ravaging the Galaxy?
The Doctor and Donna meet Agatha Christie at a manor owned by Lady Eddison.
Meanwhile, Ian is struggling as a galley slave and Barbara is sold in Rome.
The only hope for all reality is a little girl who still believes in stars.
But his actions may force Davros into a terrible alliance with his enemies,
The Doctor tries to determine who is bringing dinosaurs into modern London.
But it is determined to stop him, even if it must destroy the entire world!
Their leader is sympathetic but the others are preparing a terrible attack,
The Doctor tries to stop the Master from controlling the powerful Xeraphin.
But everyone is against him, including the young reporter Sarah Jane Smith,
The Miniscope is damaged and beginning to fail, the Drashigs running loose.
Sam attempts to introduce Ainsley to the President with disastrous results.
The South Park boys are playing the final Little League game of the season.
Ivan, the liquor store owner, shoots and seriously wounds a young teenager.
The very future of the Universe is at stake as they try to stop the Daleks,
Chandler and Monica find out that Phoebe is keeping a dog in the apartment.
Stan, Kenny, and Cartman give Kyle a makeover, and Gerald isn't far behind.
The nurses are evacuated when the threat of an enemy parachute drop arises.
Hawkeye and Trapper try to enliven everyone's spirits whilst they are gone.
Getting it back will mean pushing the Thals to mount a dangerous operation.
The vast housing complex known as Paradise Towers, some time in the future.
The electrocution is just a ruse to steal the central piece of the exhibit.
Tom Paris persuades Chakotay to allow him to buy a shuttle from a junkyard.
Tom and B'Elanna are overjoyed to learn that they are going to have a baby.
An investigation into arms smuggling reunites the Doctor with an old enemy.
Walker investigates the mystery of a statue that appears to cry real tears.
Pratt unilaterally allows a drug-addled man to be with his terminal mother.
However, Stan doesn't actually have one, so he and Kyle start to build one.
Not surprisingly, Cartman turns out to be really good at stopping Mexicans.
The girls are no help either as they constantly call Bebe derogatory names.
When Raj is asked to submit a proposal to NASA, the guys end up in a fight.
The man who had secrets on everyone in Vegas had a very big one of his own.
Meanwhile, Vinick also deals with a new life now that the election is over.
A baby born to a Korean woman and an American GI is abandoned at the 4077th.
Sara and Warrick look into a case where a woman burned to death in her home.
A lost bet with Dick Byrne means Ted has to kick Bishop Brennan up the arse.
A malevolent medicine man resurrects after desecration of his burial ground.
The entire team has to process the enormous amount of evidence at the scene.
As their love blooms, Buffy learns that Angel has been hiding a dark secret.
Mulcahy performs an emergency tracheotomy, guided by Hawkeye over the radio.
Carter loses his beard when two carpet installers come in covered with glue.
After correctly answering a radio trivia question, Mac finally makes it big.
Soon, they become so strong that they may overwhelm Seven's own personality.
Toby and Sam struggle to write Jed's education speech for the following day.
Elaine tells Carter that she intends to go to Europe for a couple of months.
An ill Richie is home alone after the rest of the family go to see Cinerama.
An invisible force is attacking the students and teachers at Sunnydale High.
Together Max asks them what they think of each other with explosive results.
Jed refuses to be held hostage by the Republican in the budget negotiations.
The new version of the game quickly becomes the nation's most popular sport.
Monica decides to get to know her neighbors better by making candy for them.
But when Bryce shows up after using a spare key, she is forced to improvise.
Buffy wakes from a bad dream with the warning, From beneath you, it devours.
Benton and Corday visit a bar together after another frustrating Romano day.
Meanwhile, Sara reopens the dormant case of her friend, a district attorney.
Chachi is hesitant about asking girls out for fear that he will be rejected.
Ross struggles to reveal his agreement with Emily not to see Rachel anymore.
Joey is late for a date with Kathy because he's on a date with someone else.
He believes she has nothing to worry about, until Wendy makes a pass at him.
Later, they argue, and Ross says it's too late, because he's with Julie now.
Before things go too far, Ross decides he better talk to Joey about Charlie.
Chased by blood-thirsty stones, the Doctor must find a way to rescue Romana.
The boys and the girls harden their positions until a gender war breaks out.
Abby, down from OB, helps a young couple whose baby was born much too early.
Susan tries to find a way to keep Little Susie, asking her parents for help.
After consulting with Captain Sisko and Admiral Ross, he reluctantly agrees.
Lucy continues learning, earning more of Carter's respect than she deserves.
Jenn accepts a job offer in Milwaukee despite Mark's offer from Morgenstern.
Abby treats a young girl who has been chauffering her drunken mother around.
Ensign Vorik expresses his desire to mate with B'Elanna during his Pon-Farr.
Xena and Gabrielle offer to find Nicha for Belach, who is the son of Borias.
Prejudices appear from many of the locals when Sticks turns out to be black.
Fonzie wants to win the Teacher of the Year award to spite a fellow teacher.
What measures will the CSM take to ensure that he remains a mystery forever?
Carol steps down from running the clinic so that Anspaugh will keep it open.
Nick gets to find out why a missing woman's car is found at the bus station.
Grissom investigates a possible suicide at a high-profile construction site.
Klinger and Frank get into a fight, but Father Mulcahy smoothes things over.
Hawkeye flies to the front line dressed as Santa, to help a wounded soldier.
Annabeth educates Toby on the art of charm and disarm in handling the press.
He fires Fonzie and the students and says he'll finish the bathroom himself.
Ian, Barbara and Susan try to escape their appointments with the guillotine.
Grissom finds a miniature replica of a crime scene that he is investigating.
It's another busy day in the ER, as case after case comes through the doors.
When CSI arrives, they find her hair dyed and her face shoved in the toilet.
It's safe to say Stan, Kyle, Cartman, and Kenny are staying out of this one.
Joey Prado just graduated from the academy with the best marks since Walker.
Phoebe is followed by her sister's stalker, Malcolm, then starts dating him.
Ross finds out Susan is reading to the unborn baby and decides he must, too.
Everyone ends up eating Chandler's cheese sandwiches and Funyuns for Dinner.
Monica has a job interview with a restaurant manager who has a salad fetish.
Klinger buys a goat, with the intention of getting rich by selling its milk.
The male inmates want him to sneak in a camera and film them but he refuses.
Leonard is aghast to find out a secret of Penny's, she believes in psychics.
Leonard is hesitant when a bully from high school wants to meet for a drink.
Rachel asks Ross to come over, but just so she can return some of his stuff.
Ross and Rachel buy baby furniture, and the saleswoman, Katie asks Ross out.
Columbo is called in to investigate but he immediately sees it for a murder.
she convinces Monica to double with them so the translator will have a date.
Susan is shooting a commercial in London so Emily offers to show her around.
she begins to show interest in dating again, so Ross decides to ask her out.
Rachel, not knowing Marcel is a illegal exotic animal, calls Animal Control.
Joey's medical benefits lapse because he hasn't done enough acting recently.
Radar's Ahhhh, Bach! and That's highly significant, quotes win him the girl.
However, it turns real when BJ says some things that Hawkeye takes personal.
Meanwhile, Marion continuously beats Howard at various board and card games.
Rebecca tries to check out her competition for Robin at a high society ball.
Meanwhile, Dennis and Dee go about dealing with the heat in a different way.
Richie is named R.O.T.C. squad leader but has trouble controlling his squad.
Carol and the nurses watch a bunch of dogs when their owner is hospitalized.
Xena is feeling under the weather, but the reason is one she never expected.
Joey takes Rachel out to dinner and tells her he's falling in love with her.
After closing the shop for an hour so he can go to an audition, he is fired.
It seems the idea of a 3rd failed marriage has pushed him over the deep end.
He suggests getting a lucky charm, and Coach says that Sam used to have one.
Susan and Risk Management interview everybody involved in last week's death.
Someone not only wanted her dead, Grissom reasons, but they wanted her ugly.
Senatorial hopeful Axel Weingard is murdered and his wife's necklace stolen.
Sheldon gets to square off on the bowling alley against nemesis Wil Wheaton.
Meanwhile, Priya disapproves of Leonard continuing to be friends with Penny.
Sheldon plots to get even with Amy after she wrecks Raiders of the Lost Ark.
Sidney Freedman comes to the camp, and joins in the poker game at The Swamp.
Smeg Ups, A compilation of the goofs from the Smeg Ups and Smeg Outs videos.
Spike returns to Sunnydale with his new girlfriend, the now vampire Harmony.
Boarding the vessel, the away team finds the only survivors, three Klingons.
Kai Opaka is killed and resurrected, only to learn that she can never leave.
O'Brien must now defend the village from a mysterious and destructive force.
Next, the station's computer starts behaving like an attention-hungry child.
However, as Sisko investigates, he worries that things are not as they seem.
An exhausted Chen returns to work, where Pratt finds her stealing potassium.
Hawkeye is chosen as the star while Margaret and Frank compose a screenplay.
Nobody seems able to stop them, so the A-Team must rescue the game preserve.
The CSI team investigates a John Doe found during torrential rains in Vegas.
They take shelter from the Daleks, in the most dangerous part of the planet.
The Doctor and the Thals launch their final attack on the frozen Dalek army.
The Doctor finds an unexpected ally in his effort to investigate Salamander.
The Doctor is undercover at a university, and befriends a young woman, Bill.
It is a battle in which he cannot take sides and a day when nobody must die,
The Doctor uncovers the force behind the kidnapping of prominent scientists.
A Holocaust survivor, the victim of a carjacking, brings Chanukah to the ER.
Kyle convinces him to come to the surface to confront the festival chairman.
The TARDIS arrives some 10,000,000 years in the future on a giant spaceship.
Bartlet negotiates for the return of a spy plane is forced down over Russia.
Carter cares for an elderly patient who appears to be the victim of neglect.
Thanks to Joey, there are unexpected food and porn charges on several bills.
Joey makes a video documentary of the occasion, until he is beset with pain.
The gang become introspective as they try to figure out who they really are.
The season concludes with people all across the country falling gravely ill.
The situation on Androzani Minor is building toward a violent confrontation.
A killer is aboard and something evil is stirring in the hydroponics centre,
Weaver is acting strangely, and breaks down and cries in front of Elizabeth.
Chandler and Joey have to do their Christmas shopping late on Christmas eve.
Walker begins making real progress in ending The Chairman's reign of terror.
she plans to quit until a handsome, well-to-do young man needs her services.
The crew escape thanks to a 'luck' virus which Kryten got from the facility.
Unfortunately, the cell phone really belongs to the cute guy's elderly boss.
Lister reluctantly does so but, on his wedding night, sneaks back to Starbug.
Detective Claudia Diaz is brought in, critically injured with gunshot wounds.
A doctor kills the husband of the female patient he is having an affair with.
A horrible secret from their days in Pre-School comes back to haunt the boys.
A jilted Italian soldier, Corpsman Ignazio De Simone, is smitten by Margaret.
Luka, Abby, Haleh, Susan and Gallant are joined by Weaver and Sandy at a bar.
On cue, Len arrives with PA Father Jessup, the world's most sarcastic priest.
To do so, the Doctor must miniaturize and enter the body of his greatest foe.
Meanwhile, Howard and Raj try to fix a squeaky floorboard in the baby's room.
After being arrested for arson the gang is sentenced to do community service.
Phoebe pretends it's her, to cover for Rachel, but Monica realizes the truth.
Joey changes out of his film costume, but all he can find is a tennis outfit.
Carla and Reese get into a car accident, which kills Carla and injures Reese.
An AIDS-stricken seven-year-old tries to find his mother, with Walker's help.
Meanwhile, Connor finds his loyalties tested by a most unexpected visitation.
Romano clashes with Corday after she goes over his head for Allison Beaumont.
Of course Xena is aware of Ares' tricky nature and backs out of the marriage.
The team soon discovers that something is amiss in Catherine's investigation.
While searching the next village, they rescue a man who is burned on a stake.
Benton fights to save the life of a gangbanger already declared dead by Doug.
Betrayed by the Master, the Doctor and Emma are taken prisoner by the Daleks.
Malucci treats a gay man who wants to contract HIV from his positive partner.
Henry tells them to be on their best behavior, or else they will be split up.
Dawn surprises her, however, by telling her that Spike is in love with Buffy.
Buffy no longer resists her calling, but immediately begins to plan a rescue.
Doctor Dave goes out of his way to discover who the father of Chen's baby is.
Catherine, Nick, and Warrick investigate a badly mutilated body in the woods.
Matters are complicated when Chakotay is exposed and taken for interrogation.
Joey can't get over the fact that Emma's pediatrician is named Doctor Weiner.
Rachel tells Ross, and he and Joey learn that condoms are not 100% effective.
The results are great, but Monica is a bit too intense for Chandler's liking.
Hawkeye is determined to stop him even if it means doing something unethical.
then she steals sleeping pills from a convenience store and attempts suicide.
President Bartlet considers possible military targets to bomb in retaliation.
Finch and Benton encounter trouble trying to keep Kynesha hidden from a gang.
Greene and Corday spend the day in New York seeking help for his brain tumor.
The genius Sylvest twins are kidnapped by the mysterious Professor Edgeworth,
Election day finally arrives with the staff eagerly anticipating the outcome.
Richie meets Lori Beth Allen at the library who invites him to her dorm room.
Famous photographer Paul Galesko wants to kill his wealthy but annoying wife.
and Alice have eloped, and they ask Phoebe to be a surrogate mother for them.
Then Stella Willis dies because Kayson didn't bother with thorough treatment.
Greene flies to San Diego when his father runs away from his retirement home.
Harry Kim experiences strong senses of deja vu in an unknown region of space.
He manages to escape and heads to find Buffy, whom he assumes is responsible.
Meanwhile, Father Mulcahy is worried about the impending visit of a Cardinal.
Hawkeye operates on a 5-year old Korean boy, and Radar can't find his family.
Carter trains a med student who is better at research than treating patients.
Rachel spends the evening at Joey's, but gets drunk and sick, and passes out.
Fonzie decides to get the entire Jefferson High gang to like classical music.
Richie, Fonzie, and Joanie have arranged for them to take a second honeymoon.
She tries to get Chandler interested in sex, but he's put off by her illness.
Ross buys a new sofa, couch, but can't get it up the stairs to his apartment.
she tries to tell Joey but he's so tired of keeping secrets, he won't listen.
Morris's missing credit card has Sam concerned about Alex's role in the loss.
Klinger's army newspaper reports on Hawkeye's monument to military stupidity.
a giant tower made from a half million erroneously shipped tongue depressors.
Carter treats a woman smuggling drugs by swallowing a condom full of cocaine.
Now, sixty years later, Lawson has arrived at Wolfram & Hart seeking revenge.
A reunion with someone from the past, stirs up forbidden feelings within Dee.
Mac and Dennis decide that they need to spend some time away from each other.
Meanwhile, Howard, Fonzie, Chachi, and Roger spend the weekend playing poker.
Meanwhile, Jenny receives a product in the mail called the Ajax Bust Builder.
After Jenn's mother has a stroke, Rachel comes to stay with Mark for a while.
Jeanie tries to keep her HIV status a secret in the face of Weaver's queries.
Everyone does their best to stop the construction and save Inspiration Point.
While there, Leonard stresses over Penny and Priya warming up to one another.
He has to score one big nice to be eligible for Christmas presents this year.
They eventually manage to escape the GELFs, thanks to Kochanski's navigation.
The next day, Joey, Chandler, and Monica watch for Rachel before the wedding.
Rachel plans a big date with a special dinner, new lingerie and a nice dress.
He tries to keep Monica out of the apartment while he figures out what to do.
Emily agrees to come to New York but only if Ross doesn't see Rachel anymore.
Ross meets a beautful new professor, Charlie and they hit it off really well.
Ross sickens everyone, especially Rachel with his constant gushing for Julie.
Stricken, Hawkeye wants to set out to find him, only to be stopped by Potter.
The only way to get on board is to challenge a randomly-selected crew-member.
Roger's old flame from his school days shows up, and Roger cannot resist her.
Rachel gets a visit from her old friends, which depresses her about her life.
Sam regrets trying to buy Diane an engagement ring that is a cheap imitation.
Sheldon irks the gang over his obsession with proper Christmas gift protocol.
Carol meets with a mobile notary to finish the paperwork to purchase a house.
The crews' suspicions are raised when he starts exhibiting unusual behaviour.
Mark and Jenn try to discuss their divorce amicably, with unforeseen results.
The CSI team investigates a murder with ties to two teenaged kidnapped girls.
And they are getting caught in a struggles between the Xerons and the Moroks.
The Doctor takes Amy to the distant future, where she finds Britain in space.
He tries a little psychological warfare of his own to get Blake to back down.
All the extra waste has disrupted his environment, causing him to slowly die.
Can they escape and alert the world the danger of the deadly insecticide DN6?
No one believes him until he produces video evidence of the mysterious being.
The chains of Fenric are shattered and he is determined to destroy the world.
The crew of Voyager encounters a planet that has recently entered an ice age.
The death of a novelist's assistant seemed to be a case of mistaken identity.
Pete makes up a story about another woman so Monica will think he's over her.
The events on Skaro reach their climax as the Elite fight amongst themselves.
Rachel tries to decide whether to comfort him as a friend, or to make a move.
The staff is on alert after a raped and beaten patient is found in a hallway.
Joey sees them, and decides not to let Ross stand between himself and Rachel.
Bashir and O'Brien attempt to console Worf, who is still mourning for Jadzia.
The car has several problems including an engine that won't run consistently.
Toby and Sam travel to Connecticut to get Roberto Mendoza released from jail.
Meanwhile, the Rangers end up on a movie set and become stars in the process.
Walker helps a wrestler whose ex-wife is in hiding after witnessing a murder.
Wanting to be treated more like an adult, Chachi sells his soul to the devil.
Howard has a fight with Bernadette and finds himself sleeping on Raj's couch.
Having made a change in her life, Sam finds herself enjoying a few new perks.
Rachel tries to find a new apartment, and receives offers from Joey and Ross.
Back on DS9, Nog surprises everybody when he says he wants to join Starfleet,
Meanwhile, B.J. receives a mystery novel that everyone in camp reads in turn.
They decide that the A-Team shall die in a chivvy, where the team is the prey.
After he insults Joanie and America, Richie challenges the champion to a duel.
Jeanie and Greg team up to find the culprit behind a rash of staph infections.
A letter from Doctor Greene arrives via fax, and Carter reads it to the staff.
A ship requests docking, and the crew meet the replacement in the docking bay.
This causes her to question her romantic and professional choices in her life.
Plagued by his OCD, Howard abruptly quits his internship, leaving a slot open.
Joshua comes back to the hospital in respiratory failure and Gates treats him.
Now she must keep herself from going mad long enough to prevent a catastrophe.
Alex discovers an abandoned infant, and she and Walker become instant parents.
Sam and Ben take a stand when a patient from Mercy Hospital ends up at County.
and Raj is knocked for a loop when his father stops sending financial support.
Pratt finds himself the center of unexpected attention at a fundraising event.
He is an unemployed, middle-aged man hanging around with a bunch of teenagers.
Jenn visits from Milwaukee but ends up having to go back sooner than expected.
Benton commits perjury on the witness stand in order to gain custody of Reese.
Carter's father visits for Christmas with the news that he's getting divorced.
This is part two of the two hour pilot, which was later cut into two episodes.
Carter signs Benton up for an interview with Vucelich for a prestigious study.
Susan's nemesis, Doctor Kayson, makes her New Year's Day decidedly unpleasant.
Sam gets called to Alex's school as it seems that he was suturing his own cut.
Pratt refuses to believe that a patient of his is in congestive heart failure.
Scott Anspaugh and Jeanie bond when tests reveal that his cancer has returned.
In other parts of the hospital, Romano has his now-useless left arm amputated.
Meanwhile, Randy deals with uncomfortable confrontations at the grocery store.
she begins to notice people treating her oddly, so Chandler has to come clean.
Chandler and Phoebe decide to break up with Janice and Tony on the same night.
Rachel has her first real date since finding out about Ross' feelings for her.
Clemente's behavior grows more and more erratic, forcing Luka to take a stand.
Colonel Victor Bloodworth predicts that 280 wounded will arrive at the 4077th.
Dubenko returns to work, due in no small part to Brenner's organized protests.
But why is a simple matter transmitter causing disruption to the flow of time?
Meanwhile, B.J. and Charles consider ways of keeping a soldier-salesman quiet.
Meanwhile, Joanie and Chachi return to Milwaukee after Joanie says she's sick.
Fonzie is given the job as teacher of auto mechanics at Jefferson High School.
Ross once told them Chandler was smoking pot, in order to cover his own guilt.
Carter, assuming Susan already knows, tells her about Abby's drinking problem.
Meanwhile Sara and Nick investigate a fraternity pledging gone terribly wrong.
Also, a man and a dead woman are found stuck in cement at a construction site.
Sheldon uses chocolate as part of a behavior modification experiment on Penny.
Ian, Barbara and the Thals struggle through the caves to reach the Dalek city.
They miss having the Slayer around, but more than that they miss their friend.
Jamie and the Doctor are brought to the IE factory to look for Isobel and Zoe.
Joanie and Chachi come back to Milwaukee after spending the summer in Chicago.
Monica runs into Janice, who invites herself to Monica and Chandler's wedding.
Joey, now earning money, gives Chandler an expensive, and gaudy gold bracelet.
Henry keeps getting calls from Tokyo about what Hawkeye and Trapper are doing.
Leather and the band audition for a television music show and are turned down.
Meanwhile Frasier also joins the opposition campaign hoping to win Diane back.
But it seems to be wielding a strange influence over the people exposed to it,
Fonzie says he'll tell Lori Beth something nobody knows about the Cunninghams.
Cat begins playing with it and accidentally traps Lister in a pink force beam.
But now she is determined to use her position to change the course of history,
Monica tells Rachel and Phoebe to decide who is going to be her Maid of Honor.
They can't come to an agreement, so Joey and Ross hold auditions for the part.
Monica's boyfriend Pete begins competing to be the Ultimate Fighting Champion.
Unfortunately, it has disastrous side effects and ruins everything it touches.
Norm can avoid an audit, if he'll just sleep with his investigating IRS agent.
In a moment of personal weakness, he tries to express his feelings for Corday.
Vinick turns down Jed's offer of the U.N. ambassadorship to run for president.
Joey comes into the apartment and Emma wakes up, so he takes her to his place.
Rachel tries for a new position at work, but her boss doesn't quite cooperate.
unexpectedly, his parents return home while Rachel is wearing only a negligee.
Chandler gets Joey a job at his office, and tells him to act like a processor.
Ross continues to struggle with Rachel's career and her involvement with Mark.
Rachel misses dating, so Joey offers to take her out and show her a good time.
Richie doesn't get far with her but leads Fonzie and others to believe he did.
And a bold doctor, Fast Eddie Dorset, startles Corday by asking her on a date.
Rachel and Phoebe, new roommates, decide to run together in the park each day.
Rachel finds out she's the only one whom Monica doesn't let drive the Porsche.
But it back-fires when his boss insists on taking him out to some strip clubs.
He promises to make it a fun road trip, but he ends up sleeping most the time.
Phoebe dates two guys, Vince, a burly fireman, and Jason, a sensitive teacher.
Pete is out of town and tells Monica, We need to talk, which gets her worried.
the crowd really loves her, because the spotlight makes her shirt transparent.
Sam's date with a younger woman turns into a Raquetball contest against Woody.
Where Diane finds him and convinces Sam that getting older is not a bad thing.
Kerry is devastated, even more so when Sandy's family won't let her see Henry.
Season Premiere, Carter returns from Africa, going straight to Abby's bedside.
Anna treats a John Doe sent from another hospital because he had no insurance.
However, old loyalties and new discoveries may seriously hurt Winn's position.
Carter needs a pediatric rotation with Doug, and fast, to graduate med school.
The Bannermen are closing the trap on Delta and the newborn Chimeron Princess.
The CSIs investigate a robbery and fatal shooting at a medical marijuana shop.
Can the Doctor stop the Cybermen and Daleks from turning this world into hell?
When they travel back to investigate, they discover that they were both right.
The Doctor and Donna find themselves on an icy planet known as the Ood-Sphere.
The Doctor and Sarah are trapped on Exxilon with a group of humans and Daleks.
But enemies within are determined to stop him from acting on that information,
But in his way are the tribe, two gangsters, Drathro and his army of soldiers,
But to deal with the situation, he is going to need help, from his own people.
The Doctor tries to deal with aliens who have crashed in 17th century England.
The Doctor tries to find Ky and discover why the Time Lords sent him to Solos.
The Doctor, imprisoned as a dangerous crank, unravels the secrets of the Mara.
and Cartman and Heidi hope to get a seat on the first rocket leaving for Mars.
If the Doctor can not stop her, the existence of all life could be endangered,
Toby and Josh are preoccupied with a congressional battle over the estate tax.
now both ships are stuck here, on a planet doomed to explode in fourteen days.
Torres is taken to a lab and split into two people, one human and one Klingon.
Instead, Stan has to pitch in and help his father with a new business venture.
But high in the Rockies, far from their families, their trip takes a bad turn.
After a daring rescue, they are taken back to Park County Police Headquarters.
Instead of getting the watch, an actual Ethiopian child is sent to South Park.
The conflict between the humans and sea devils has hit the point of no return.
But the strain may have been too much for the Doctor, who is increasingly ill,
The crew evacuate the ship after Holly spots five black holes in the distance.
The crew is attacked by a species of alien that live in the human dream state.
The entire gang goes to Colorado to help Marion's Uncle Ben at his dude ranch.
Rachel is about to tell Joey how she feels about him, but they're interrupted.
But instead he shoots him with a tranquilizer gun, and lets the bull kill him.
The townfolk only have one night to make $350,000. So they head to the casino,
A similar car is borrowed from the Dancing Priest in order to save the raffle.
The students of South Park Elementary are the victims of a new gossip website.
Elsewhere in Vegas, a gunshot victim is found in a deep-freezer, frozen solid.
Carter wants to pop the question to Abby, but decides it's not the right time.
and Gunn and Wesley protect a woman whose zombie ex-boyfriend is stalking her.
Walker and Trivette protect a Mexican presidential candidate from an assassin.
Walker goes undercover inside a prison to investigate enforced prize fighting.
Meanwhile, Carlos and Trent search for the evidence lost in their car robbery.
Wesley lies alone, bleeding to death, and waiting for help which may not come.
Joey searches for a new roommate, and it's clear what he's really looking for.
When a mysterious alien race destroys an Earth colony, the Enterprise pursues.
Highlights from the three seasons of The West Wing are interspersed throughout.
It gets more mysterious when the car is found and it becomes a new crime scene.
another dead man in Panaca County has a young man's face and an old man's body.
Carter comes looking for Abby and they end up talking all night at Doc Magoo's.
Morris and Pratt get their board results, and the ER staff celebrates at Ike's.
He needed money to bring his family from the North, and to bribe border guards.
Nick and Catherine investigate the murder of a young boy found dead in his bed.
Sara and Nick are angered since it takes the career making case away from them.
A teenage killer eludes Mulder and Scully by moving too fast for the human eye.
Odo falls in love with her, but must save her life by finding her data crystal.
He is actually AWOL and she forges Carter's name to obtain his medical records.
Luka and Neela advise a very religious 15-year-old about her pregnancy options.
Al suggests Fonzie seek the guidance of his brother, Father Anthony Delvecchio.
An aging song-and-dance star is Lt Columbo's quarry in the fifth season opener.
And then, when the code clerk turns up dead, the ambassador has an alibi again.
All the clues lead to the dead man's first wife but Columbo doesn't believe it.
When the light finally dawns, she decides that she must find a way to tell him.
Danny agrees to hold off on the story after five alleged terrorists go missing.
A shooting in the ER interrupts Carter's first day of treating trauma patients.
Buffy, Willow, Xander and Anya are out hunting vampires and kill one of a pair.
Grissom, Sarah, and Greg try to determine how a man was killed in a hotel room.
Rachel gives away all the candy to trick-or-treaters, then money, then insults.
Chandler finds out Monica gives terrible massages but doesn't want to tell her.
At first his age seems to be a problem, relative to all the young college kids.
Ross goes out with Celia, a woman from the museum, who wants him to talk dirty.
Cliff's know-it-all attitude finally gets him into a fight with another patron.
Dee receives e-mails from a stranger claming to be her and Dennis' real father.
The ventriloquist is the prime suspect, and Dennis sets out to solve the crime.
Behind on the rent payment, Charlie receives a visit from his enraged landlord.
Dukat, surgically altered to look Bajoran, tries to gain Kai Winn's confidence.
During negotiations with the Karemma, the Defiant is attacked by the Jem'Hadar.
Suddenly, Buffy finds that her Slayer abilities are fading, perhaps completely.
Gabrielle becomes Queen of the Amazons after Ephiny dies at the hand of Brutus.
Gage is assaulted by a diplomat's son, who is protected by diplomatic immunity.
Meanwhile Robin makes plans to deal with Spike in case the device doesn't work.
Grissom and Warrick get the case of an old woman found mummified in her closet.
Catherine and her team determine who killed a prisoner in a holding cell brawl.
Hawkeye uses a bottle of vintage wine to lure unsuspecting nurses into his den.
Meanwhile, Gerald attempts to have a rational discussion with the Troll Hunter.
Problems quickly arise when several of Richie's friends ask if they can use it.
In a strange case, Jessica bumps into an old friend who is supposed to be dead.
In this unique episode, the camera becomes the eyes of a young wounded soldier.
It's Halloween night, and the interns continue to be paired with the residents.
A retiring sergeant wants Hawkeye and B.J. to certify him unfit to fly a plane.
Janice's annoying laugh is surpassed only by the noises she makes during labor.
Toby and Andy don't see eye-to-eye on her fact-finding trip to the Middle East.
Meanwhile, Fonzie is upset that folk music seems to be replacing rock and roll.
Joey arranges for a reluctant Rachel to help Charlie shop for some new clothes.
Joey, Ross, and Rachel finally straighten out that no one was going to propose.
They figure it out anyway, only they think he likes Phoebe, rather than Rachel.
Phoebe and Rachel catch the spirit as well, and soon they're all wearing white.
The simulant ship finds them because of Able's stupidity and Kryten scolds him.
C.J. tries to derail a retiring General's attempt to speak out against Bartlet.
Leonard is upset with the developing relationship between Penny and his mother.
He's fully on board until he learns he has to be in the delivery room with her.
Lori Beth reports that Richie isn't moving after they crash his new motorcycle.
Benton hears Malucci refer to his late nephew as a banger and Benton beats him.
Lytton's men revive Davros as the Doctor fights off the Dalek in the warehouse.
Mac and Dennis move to the suburbs for cheaper rent but find it hard to adjust.
Also interested in becoming an Eagle is Liam and Ryan McPoyle's brother, Doyle.
Margaret and Hawkeye work on a time capsule to commemorate their time in Korea.
He finally does it the right way, he gets down on one knee and opens his heart.
when she says that Ross was the one to make the first move, an argument ensues.
Joey and Rachel read each other's favorite books, The Shining and Little Women.
But Ross is not happy with her running the massage business from his apartment.
Monica's restaurant gets a bad review by someone who teaches at a local school.
Abby and Sam treat a dying comedian who is unable to make his final appearance.
Abby hears from Luka and learns that his absence will be extended another week.
Neela has recurring dreams about trying to save a girl with sickle cell anemia.
Abby needs to make a tough decision when a new opportunity is presented to her.
Most of the nurses stage a walk out and receive 90-day suspensions as a result.
Nick helps a car crash victim and amnesiac piece together a brutal crime scene.
Nowhere, literally, the Zero Point between the positive and negative universes.
Their only hope to be found is if they can climb to the top of a high mountain.
Omega reveals his intention for the Doctors to take his place in eternal exile.
Everyone is convinced that the husband did it, but Jessica isn't quite so sure.
On a hostile jungle world, the Doctor and Jo try to find out the Daleks' plans.
On the day of the exam, Kochanski walks in and Lister is stunned beyond belief.
However Rimmer will not help Lister and the others escape until he is promoted.
Jed has an MS relapse which leaves him partially paralyzed and in a wheelchair.
Joey manages to turn the situation around and make Laura think she wronged him.
Phoebe turns out to be married to Duncan, a gay friend who needed a green card.
Ross is nervous about the prospect of having sex for the first time with Julie.
but she's upset that he doesn't seem to have any compulsive obsessions himself.
and charge nurse Carol Hathaway is brought into the ER after a suicide attempt.
Potsie falls behind on his rent and is forced to move back in with his parents.
He only has one scene to do, but it drags on all day because the star is drunk.
The boys, join with the rest of the nation, and remove their yellow wristbands.
Phoebe brings Parker, who turns out to be annoyingly positive about everything.
Phoebe goes to dinner at Mike's parents place, and makes a terrible impression.
The stage is set for what could be the final battle between these arch-enemies,
The ER is swamped with participants from a riot at a high school football game.
She tries the process on Lister's curry and turns it into a monster by mistake.
To each other, they appear normal, but to others they appear as Bajoran slaves.
Stardate: Unknown A powerful entity disables the Enterprise and a Ferengi ship.
Their only means of escape is if they can correctly answer the riddles he asks.
Sisko and Bashir's interventions in an altercation alters the future time line.
Benton tells Roger that he doesn't want him having any more contact with Reese.
Abby openly questions Nicole's pregnancy and Nicole makes a confession to Luka.
Susan institutes extra precautions in case Chloe tries to reclaim Little Susie.
Tara and Willow's relationship seems to be progressing when Oz returns to town.
The A-Team is a bit late, so one of the Team members have to walk to the altar.
The CSI team is on the job when a body turns up in a waste processing facility.
The CSIs are called in when an undercover FBI agent is found brutally murdered.
The CSIs come across an abandoned military compound being used by a small cult.
Is he really the last of his race? What are his real intentions toward Skonnos?
Mark and Elizabeth's marriage is in crisis following Ella's hospital admission.
The Doctor's only hope my lie in Ky, already beginning to change into a mutant,
Only by working together can they find their way out before they are destroyed.
The Doctor finds himself mistaken for a world figure and in danger of his life,
The city is in ruins and the only apparent inhabitants are zombie-like robomen,
They tell Kyle, who is now afraid that he will go to Hell because he is Jewish.
So, Xena goes undercover to force the assassins out of hiding and capture them.
Charlie comes to the ER with a stomach ailment that quickly grows more serious.
Ross is still angry with Joey for being engaged, even if by accident to Rachel.
The gang tries to convince Diane that U.S. savings bonds are a good investment.
The killer from The Execution of Catherine Willows returns with deadly results.
For the humans, it's a race against time to avoid being destroyed with the Ark.
But the Doctor is the prisoner of the War Chief and may have divided loyalties,
The killer has some knowledge of forensics and has left little evidence behind.
Doctor Dubenko's surgery goes well, and Ray meets a new girl at a rock concert.
There's a new girl in school and everyone wants to know who she has a crush on.
Against Mrs Cartman's rules, Shelly invites her boyfriend, Skyler to the house.
This poses a problem for Richie because nobody believes he actually knows them.
The boys are put in a group with Tweek, the jittery son of a coffee shop owner.
Zoey faces a potentially dangerous situation when she goes out for the evening.
It becomes a best seller with everyone getting a lot help for their addictions.
Walker and Trivette find new leads into the killing of several police officers.
Sara finds out that Grissom recommended Nick for the promotion that she wanted.
Walker poses as a cocaine dealer to help break up a drug trafficking operation.
Grissom and Sara investigate a man found dead with letter tiles in his stomach.
Meanwhile, Howard, Raj, and Bernadette spend the night on an astronomy project.
The evidence is further reinforced when questions arise over her true heritage.
Charlie withdraws from the First Family after learning more about the shooting.
Monica obsesses about an electrical switch that apparently doesn't do anything.
The boys take Tweek and Craig under their wing to train them for the big fight.
Even when an 80-foot satellite dish emerges from his anus, he does not believe.
Willow finally gives in to Kennedy's advances, and they share a lingering kiss.
Lister attempts to go back in time to obtain curries from an Indian restaurant.
Phoebe dates Rob, a guy who hires her to sing songs for children at the library.
He then plants clues to make Columbo suspicious of the company's Vice-President.
They succeed, but get captured by the kidnappers, a fanatic religious community.
Klinger pours a cement floor in the operating room to fight the spread of germs.
A single mother is accused of killing the landlord that is always harassing her.
Another couple spends 21 days in the NICU before finding out their son will die.
She takes care of a young boy abandoned in the ER after the death of his mother.
Al thinks about taking on an investment partner to create an Arnold's franchise.
Jorge Santos, the Congressman's brother, may cause some problems at a gathering.
An intervention is used to try to force Sheldon to overcome his fear of driving.
Could this possessing spirit be somehow connected to Buffy's return from beyond?
Ares requests Xena's help to steal the Amazon's Ambrosia to restore his Godhood.
Romana tries to get it working properly, but the consequences could be dramatic.
With the house to themselves, Buffy and Riley spend a romantic evening together.
Buffy rescues Willow and Xander, but Jesse is left in the hands of the vampires.
His investigations lead him to think that maybe he'd be better off as a vampire.
Woody's faith in Kelly is shaken when he learns they have religious differences.
Forced to work both the day and night shift alone, Carol makes a deadly mistake.
They plan a party and tell Cartman to invite all his young male friends to join.
It is determined that it is a Jakovasaur,, a species long thought to be extinct.
Cartman launches a gemstones network show and creates a very lucrative business.
Phoebe gets excited about the possibilities in their future, including marriage.
Phoebe doesn't want to perform because she feels dwarfed by Ross's musical gift.
The memorial does have one unexpected guest, however, Phoebe's father, Frank Sr.
Monica has Richard sleep over on the same night that Rachel has Ross sleep over.
Dubenko has good news for Neela, but two visitors bring her something different.
Cordelia appears back at the hotel with no idea who she is or how she got there.
Mark has several discussions with paramedics about the state of the EMT program.
A teenage girl, a frequent patient of the ER, is brought in for a drug overdose.
Eelek takes over the Gonds and is determined to launch an attack on the Krotons.
feeling his performance is only adequate, he asks advice from Monica and Rachel.
Garrison finally goes too far at a rally and reconsiders his future in politics.
A couple comes into the ER after an attempt was made at burning down their home.
Greene assists paramedics in treating injured children at a school bus accident.
Corday tries to coerce Dean Rollins into revealing the location of another body.
Doctor Dave tries to fix Weaver's car, and has to break bad news to a young kid.
In the 1860s, Walker investigates missing gold and the murder of a Texas Ranger.
Jed and Abbey reach out to an old friend on the eve of his ex-wife's remarriage.
Jessica investigates two brutal murders at a struggling winery in Sonoma Valley.
Joanie wants to move there to be with Chachi and to continue their music career.
then he's so enthusiastic he starts giving them advice, and Monica is mortified.
Kirk, Spock and McCoy beam down to a planet in the path of an oncoming asteroid.
Stan on the other hand, could care less, and refuses to participate in the vote.
Luka gets some important news, and at the end of the day, an unexpected visitor.
Meanwhile, Kellye is offended that Hawkeye is attracted to any nurse except her.
When Howard won't participate with her, she secretly enlists the help of Fonzie.
Mark and Elizabeth squabble after he disagrees with her treatment of his father.
he becomes upset when Carol invites Diane Leeds, knowing that she'll bring Doug.
Phoebe decides it's time to meet her father, but accidentally runs over his dog.
As they search for clues the FBI agents discover the apparent motive is revenge.
Neela must testify in court and defend her actions regarding a patient who died.
The solution to the case involves a Shriner's ring, and an inoperative fountain.
Sam is very reluctant to let the gang watch a videotape of one of his old games.
Greene undergoes experimental brain surgery in New York with Corday by his side.
After finding no help in her parents, Wendy turns to one man for help, Mr Slave.
Chandler and Joey gawk at the Xerox girl, who invites them both to a dance club.
Ross interrupts Rachel's late night emergency at the office, leading to a fight.
This bothers Ross, who is concerned with whom his unborn child is spending time.
Pinky Tuscadero's younger sister, Leather, comes to Milwaukee looking for a gig.
Rachel and Phoebe decide to keep their knowledge of Monica's pregnancy a secret.
Ross finally gets Emily on the phone and they begin planning to work things out.
Ross prepares just the right way to tell Mona that Rachel has moved in with him.
when Rachel confronts her, Monica makes up some pretty lame lies to cover it up.
Rebecca spots Lilith with another man, and doesn't know whether to tell Frasier.
Roger is the new principal of the tough George S. Patton Vocational High School.
Roger tries to convince Flip to stop drinking and hanging out with guys that do.
Ross and Phoebe race to JFK airport so Ross can tell Rachel how he really feels.
Ross and Rachel spend part of the night together, their kiss having led to more.
but he is inspired by the experience and sells his first story to Archie Comics.
Ross comes to grips with the knowledge that Joey is falling in love with Rachel.
she leaves him a message which she then tries to erase, but just makes it worse.
Ross has his son, Ben, for the holidays and decides to teach him about Hanukkah.
Monica suggests they postpone the wedding, an idea which leads to more problems.
Royce Harmon was murdered 3 months ago in a scene staged to look like a suicide.
Scaroth is determined to go back 400 million years in time to prevent a mistake.
Seeking to prove her father innocent of murder, a student gets Trivette to help.
A family is critically injured when their car is hit by a habitual drunk driver.
Odo's loyalties are questioned when he physically joins with the Founder Leader.
Stan's Grandpa turns 102, and all he wants for his birthday is Stan to kill him.
Stardate: Unknown Picard is secretly abducted and switched with an alien double.
Stardate: Unknown An accident on the U.S.S. Defiant traps Ben Sisko in subspace.
She turns out to be a sadist of the first water, and the results are inevitable.
Meanwhile the A-Team realises that Decker might be the bigger threat than Lynch.
They do so in a small hospital, where they meet Shana, who tells them her story.
With the military police on their tracks the A-Team has to take actions quickly.
The Shadow appears to hold all the cards but the Doctor has found an old friend.
But the Marshal is already moving ahead with a deadly plan to change the planet,
The Doctor has disappeared, and both Missy and Colony Sarff are looking for him.
The Doctor is captured by the Sisterhood, and Sarah Jane is blinded freeing him.
Meanwhile, Bill deals with her life, and the Master faces what he has to become.
Can the Doctor keep his promise and save them before they crash into Zeta Minor?
Stan is forced to come to terms with the loser he will become in about 23 years.
A werewolf is on the loose, and the Doctor may not be able to protect everybody,
But it is a dangerous road, beset with Daleks, alligators and a hideous monster,
The boys come to his defense, with the help of the new handi-capable kid, Jimmy.
Everyone on it is dead except for one person who is preserved in a block of ice.
The man who visits all the homes in South Park every day is now under suspicion.
The merchant seamen are in town, and with them is Rico, a sworn enemy of Fonzie.
The past 24 hours play in reverse after Luka gets into a car accident with Erin.
But now the Keeper is dying, and he senses a great evil within his protectorate.
Two of the guests are hiding secrets, but only one of them can have the diamond.
People start burning everything to stay warm while Frank wears his heated socks.
The team investigates the murder of a man who was stuffed in an occupied coffin.
Then the police discover Warrick covered in blood with a dead Gedda next to him.
The treacherous Klieg and Kaftan still think they can bargain with the cybermen.
The possibility of moving the press corps across the street is briefly explored.
Tuvok and B'Elanna are captured and imprisoned after an away mission goes wrong.
Ugly Naked Guy puts stuff in boxes, prepares to move, and sublets his apartment.
Weaver manages to offend just about everyone on her first day as chief resident.
Phoebe continues telling Ross he's in love with Rachel, and he keeps denying it.
They pretend to be adult businessmen in order to secure the cabin and get girls.
Problems arise when they become biochemically interdependent after the incident.
Meanwhile, Gabrielle meets a young boy with a kind heart but a sorrowful secret.
Unfazed by the spray, officers then taser him and he bursts into flames and dies.
After observing the burning man, she later turns up dead with green-tinted blood.
A homeless man's dog helps Walker track down the source of an attack on a priest.
A police commissioner provides an alibi to a friend who has just killed his wife.
Can Donna and the Doctor halt the mysterious Miss Foster and her mysterious plan?
After Stan celebrates his 10th birthday, he begins to see everything differently.
After spending years in L.A., he is not at all happy at the idea of a homecoming.
To impress Mona with his sweetness, he lets them stand on his feet while dancing.
Meanwhile, Fonzie wants to adopt an orphaned boy to whom he's been a Big Brother.
Romano's condition forces Anspaugh to replace him as chief of staff, with Weaver.
An Irish detective does not believe the death of a real estate mogul was suicide.
the Democratic leadership in Congress assails Leo for allowing Jed to step aside.
Bartlet and the senior staff fly to California to attend an important fundraiser.
a comment Deborah made years ago comes back to haunt her during a security check.
Toby and Charlie get arrested coming to Andy's defense after a drunk accosts her.
Leo inflicts a new intern from a prominent political family on an unwilling Josh.
Captain Pike of the Enterprise is kidnapped by aliens who have mastered illusion.
Carla reveals she's pregnant but fools another man into thinking he's the father.
In therapy, Sam announces that she doesn't think she and Luka should be together.
Mark deals with a patient who feigns symptoms because she likes having surgeries.
A sociologist provokes people so he can measure their reaction times for a study.
Meanwhile Kenny has been trying to prevent his parents from having another child.
he buys some from one of the older kids at South Park Elementary, Scott Tenorman.
Phoebe chews out Joey for cancelling their plans together so he can go on a date.
Chandler gets calls from an intriguing woman, Jade looking for someone named Bob.
Coach's daughter brings the obnoxious lout she plans to marry to meet her father.
When nobody is enjoying it, he makes it fun by splitting the camp into two teams.
Carter visits his first laundromat with Anna, but he tells her he's been to many.
Donna teaches Toby and Josh an important lesson as their trek homeward continues.
During the Milan Film Festival, famous film producer Catherine Wayne is murdered.
Worse, the alien plant is ready to germinate, spreading its seeds across England.
Ephiny's son, Xenan, is wanted by Lord Belach for kidnapping his daughter, Nicha.
She doesn't think it's a good idea, which makes him sad, so she ends up agreeing.
Ross and Joey throw a ball back and forth without dropping it for a couple hours.
Brenner gets into a fight with a patient, and later confesses a secret to Morris.
Geordi falls in love with a lieutenant who is the prime suspect in a murder case.
Sara and Nick arrive to investigate a breaking and entering to find a raped teen.
In each case, the victim is shot once through the chest while lying in a bathtub.
Wandering back to M*A*S*H, the pair are found by a peculiar North Korean soldier.
It isn't long before Columbo is on the case, and discovers a few inconsistencies.
An alien stalks the boat and threatens to drive the crew to the brink of madness.
In the series finale, the Bartlet administration prepares to leave the West Wing.
Doctor Ross deals with an infant's heroin addiction and its drug-addicted mother.
Meanwhile, Fonzie wants to have a swimming pool put in the Cunninghams' backyard.
After much deliberation, Joanie announces that she's not going to college at all.
An old friend, Amanda of Monica's and Phoebe's moves back into town from England.
Rachel and Danny don't seem to get along but end up going out for pizza together.
everyone goes to the roof to watch but they get locked out of Monica's apartment.
Carol meets with Carter's grandmother to pitch her idea for a free health clinic.
Leonard and Sheldon each lie to avoid hearing Penny sing in a production of Rent.
Gallant makes a decision that results in the death of a young girl with leukemia.
Lister uses this as his ticket off Red Dwarf by making himself unbelievably rich.
After much persuasion, Kryten convinces the nanobots to fix Lister and Red Dwarf.
Later, Luka receives an unsettling package and Abby meets an intriguing stranger.
Maggie returns to Cheers and Cliffie, this time claiming she's carrying his baby.
Mark learns that his tumor is back and inoperable, giving him 4-5 months to live.
The gang ask Ross and Rachel how they got together the night she became pregnant.
As Mononna, she and Fake Monica have a great time, until Fake Monica is arrested.
Barbra Streisand comes to South Park and tries to get the triangle from the kids.
Mr Mackey discover the secret of the planetarium and tries to stop the evil plan.
Nick and Greg investigate the death of a 16-year-old girl with ties to a brothel.
It will be all he can do to keep the humans from getting killed in the crossfire,
To prove a point to Amy, a Scrooge-like Sheldon buys her the worst possible gift.
Paroled for good behavior, Victor LaRue seeks to take revenge on Alex and Walker.
Meanwhile, Sheldon uses Dungeons & Dragons dice to make life's trivial decisions.
People are vanishing into thin air under the baleful stare of a very strange cat,
Joey tells Chandler about Janice kissing her husband, and Chandler confronts her.
Kovac's relationship with Weaver deteriorates, culminating in a threat from Luka.
CJ is concerned about a scientist's invention which could interfere with privacy.
Ralph is caught with the girl of the football team's star fullback, Rebel E. Lee.
Lister scoffs at her coordinates, saying that he can play better pool than Holly.
Romana has been captured by the Daleks, the Doctor is the guest of the Movellans.
Romano forces Benton to choose between the trauma and cardiothoracic fellowships.
He gets another one so he can have the original back, but Emma doesn't go for it.
Rachel refuses to call Ross for help, so Monica and Phoebe do it behind her back.
Chandler has to stay the weekend in Tulsa, so Monica flies there to surprise him.
Later, he finds out she's dead, but Phoebe calls again, leaving Joey freaked out.
Critically wounded in the shoot out, the Doctor regenerates to save his own life.
Jeanie takes an HIV test and informs Benton he should get himself tested as well.
The ER staff is buzzing regarding a rumor that a Chicago hospital may be closing.
Alex and Sam crash at a motel, where Alex secretly places a collect call to Luka.
He releases her but she won't go, so he tries to teach her how to be independent.
Meanwhile, Howard takes his relationship with Bernadette to an even higher level.
Sheldon is forced into altering his precious schedule after his barber falls ill.
Back in South Park Stan begins to sympathize with Grandpa and agrees to kill him.
Counselor Troi, using her ability, senses that the scientist is hiding something.
Worf is disturbed by unexpected news when he is paid a visit by his former lover.
However, a scientist on board the Enterprise to advise them has plans of her own.
Stardate: Unknown Lwaxana Troi collapses with a repressed memory related illness.
Meanwhile, Jake finds inspiration in Onaya, an alien woman with sinister motives.
Susan Lewis arrives in Chicago to interview around town and have lunch with Mark.
Weaver and Chen clash over a risk management meeting, and ultimately, Chen quits.
Benton and Abby treat a kid who tried self circumcision to please his girlfriend.
Doug is surprised and a bit frightened when Diane suggests they move in together.
Corday requests immediate time off from Romano to join Mark and Rachel in Hawaii.
Terminus is preparing to jettison its reactors and possibly destroy the Universe.
The Doctor and Clara try to help an underwater base apparently haunted by ghosts.
But a ravening horror is following them through the very circuits of the machine,
But soon after, it escapes from its torture chamber, and goes on a killing spree.
Can they even trust each other? And who is behind the strange events in Devesham?
But what can they do about a terrible fungus that threatens to engulf the planet?
The Doctor comes to the aid of a military base under attack from sentient waters.
The Doctor finally works out a way to destroy the deadly fungus encircling Earth.
The Doctor finds he is in the midst of multiple zones of time on the same planet.
The Doctor must face his greatest enemy, the Veil, if he hopes to find Gallifrey.
And somewhere out there, a fleet of Menoptra are waiting to reclaim their planet,
Jerry tries to convince the others that basketball player Scottie Pippen visited.
But, when he discovers that Butters has a future self too, he becomes suspicious.
They revive Lister and all is well, except that Lister only has one arm, that is.
The crew is elated to discover a wormhole that appears to lead directly to Earth.
They find a wallet on him with human artifacts such as credit cards, license etc.
The gang try to break a legendary beer-drinking record in the Season 10 premiere.
Meanwhile, Bernadette and Amy urge Penny to tell her parents that she is married.
Cartman takes matters into his own hands and signs up for a home security system.
The Doctor is taken prisoner while Tegan sleeps under the mysterious wind chimes,
CJ tries to locate a valuable Egyptian cat goddess statue given to the President.
The staffers spend the day dealing with private organizations, aka the crackpots.
Vicki and Barbara try to start a revolution while Ian tries to rescue the Doctor.
The travellers have reached the location of the last key, the city of Millennius.
Things get personal for Catherine when Grissom talks to her about her evaluation.
He believes that this Orb can re-open the wormhole and reactivate the other Orbs.
To get some publicity, Al tries to have someone break a world record at Arnold's.
Trent continues to search for his purpose in life and his role within the family.
Trivette's girlfriend disappears and pictures of her surface on an Internet site.
But Mulder finds himself falling for the one woman that may be the prime suspect.
The reason for his embezzling ways is his wife, she demands nothing but the best.
Warrick investigates the drive by murder of a young girl in his old neighborhood.
When Dracula himself arrives in Sunnydale, he leaves the entire gang star struck.
Cartman manages to convince Craig that he should help the guys with their scheme.
When the TARDIS lands in 2012, the Doctor plans to show Rose the London Olympics.
When the death of a friend's son is ruled an accident, C.D. investigates further.
Meanwhile, the Klingon Day of Honor turns into a string of bad luck for B'Elanna.
With everyone in town helping, they all start to live without any economy at all.
Then, Kyle and Stan witness aliens abducting Ike while they ride away on the bus.
With Charlie by his side, Frank returns to his old company to help with a merger.
With Charlie's help, Mac sets out to prove that his father is innocent of murder.
As it slowly unlocks from the inside, terrible forces gather in the heavens above.
A dead child's spirit assists Walker to discover who murdered him eight years ago.
Abby goes to an AA meeting later that day, and tells Carter that she went for him.
A lone sniper has the 4077th pinned down, including Radar and Henry in the shower.
So, Grissom, Nick, and newcomer to the CSI team, Sara Sidle, investigate this one.
The children decide he needs to get his ass kicked, and they choose Stan to do it.
Later the commissioner kills his own wife, and gets the friend to repay the favor.
They find a fingerprint belonging to Jesse Acheson, who becomes the prime suspect.
A strange girl arrives in Sunnydale searching everywhere for her boyfriend Warren.
Weaver treats an old children's television show host and an animal suit fetishist.
Abby has a horrible birthday, beginning with meeting her new squabbling neighbors.
Colonel Flagg is called in to investigate, and bungles things in his usual manner.
Morris learns the true meaning of Christmas when he plays Santa to a special girl.
Ares wants Xena's soul for eternity, and he will do just about anything to get it.
Ashley receives an invitation to her estranged parents' wedding anniversary party.
Fonzie invites the Cunninghams over to the Arcola's for dinner on Chachi's behalf.
Pratt accidentally breaks a patient's neck while doing an unsupervised intubation.
Meanwhile, Stan can't seem to get his life back to normal no matter what he tries.
She decides to take it, so Chandler arranges to spend just 4 days a week in Tulsa.
he spends the day showing off his new office to Phoebe and his night working late.
Ross doesn't want to help with the packing, so he says he has to take care of Ben.
Coach is hurt when he learns that his deceases friend once propositioned his wife.
Diane follows Sam to Cape Cod in an effort to ruin his weekend with another woman.
Doggett catches up with Shannon McMahon, the woman who the EPA official picked up.
Frasier's younger secretary goes on a date with him to get revenge on her parents.
Xander, Giles, Angel and Willow must crash the party before all Hell breaks loose.
He meets a crew member, Commander Nirvanah Crane who gives him a tour of the ship.
Heidi's sense of humor is championed by Cartman as the reason they'll get to Mars.
The guys visit Penny to learn all about fishing since she used to go with her dad.
Ian and Barbara find themselves in a snowy wasteland, searching for the third key.
Donna asks Sam to look into granting a pardon for a friend's deceased grandfather.
It's Halloween at the 4077th, and the staff dons costumes and trade ghost stories.
The progression of his disease is shown in reverse through a series of flashbacks.
Jimmy and Timmy decide the only real crips are those who were crippled from birth.
He begins to patrol that area of the library, but ends up being a culprit himself.
Ross and Monica plan their own Thanksgiving dinner because their parents are away.
Meanwhile, Charles also thinks he can make a killing when he sees an ancient vase.
Meanwhile, Sheldon tries to assist Raj in picking up a girl at a university party.
Lister comes from the exam room to receive his results and Rimmer asks how he did.
Lister tries in vain to teach Kryten how to lie, insult, cheat and disobey orders.
Lister updates the ship's software and unwittingly puts the crew in mortal danger.
Carter gives away the ER's Secret Santa gifts as part of a guns-for-toys exchange.
Cleo enters him in an alcohol treatment facility, taking him away from his mother.
Charlie gives the President a present that touches him and troubles everyone else.
Mark is befuddled by an invitation from Susan to go on a joint vacation to Hawaii.
Phoebe compares everything about the trip to the London trip she missed last year.
Abby has passport woes, and also struggles with the changes being made by Moretti.
The boys go to Jimbo and Ned, who now have a hunting show opposite Jesus and Pals.
This turns the town into a hotbed of lawsuits, all being handled by Mr Broflovski.
Mulder and Scully soon discover that it may not be one of the residents after all,
Abby and Lewis treat a girl whose parents don't want to tell her that she's dying.
Potter decides Frank would be less of a pain if the others were friendlier to him.
Meanwhile, he continues to treat Doctor McNulty, who may not actually be a doctor.
Phoebe looks for supplemental income, and works part time as Chandler's secretary.
her plans fall apart, however, when she finds out about his new girlfriend, Julie.
Raj and Lucy have their first date meeting in a library and texting to each other.
Rebecca accuses a respected authority on marital fidelity of making a pass at her.
Neither of them have dates for the prom, so they end up going together as friends.
Ross is upset when he sees them his apartment, as he's cleaning up after the baby.
Ross is upset that Rachel kissed Gavin, but is hesitant to talk with her about it.
Rachel has a gift certificate for a free massage at a big corporate massage chain.
He wonders what he should do, and Sam tries to help but can't think of what to do.
With Alex safe, Sam tells him the truth about his father and takes him to see him.
Sisko and Kira are possessed by alien forces and fight for control of the station.
Garak, Damar and Kira successfully plant a bomb in Dominion barracks on Cardassia.
Stardate: Unknown Data is possessed by the consciousness of a brilliant scientist.
Stardate: Unknown A Federation captain has destroyed a Cardassian science station.
However, a darker scheme planned by the Romulans is also uncovered in the process.
Teaching a computer class seems tame, but not when Jessica is one of the students.
They fly to Venezuela where drug smugglers are holding an innocent pilot prisoner.
The Doctor and his friends race against time to rescue Susan and clear Ian's name.
The Doctor decides to visit a space-traveling version of the Orient Express train.
The Doctor is gone, the TARDIS has been destroyed, and the universe is collapsing.
The Doctor must employ a desperate gambit to keep the evil Grendel off the throne.
The Doctor, Jamie and Zoe arrive to find it firmly in control of the Ice Warriors.
The Dwarfers investigate a crashed space station, which holds a surprising secret.
Mark turns surly when Jenn refuses to let Rachel visit until he cleans up his act.
Carter and Anna get new students, with Carter getting the short shrift once again.
After Weaver is felled by the poison, Carter takes over, directing the evacuation.
Disorientated and far from home, it is determined to wake its fellows at any cost,
The trio use magick to make Buffy think that she has killed Katrina, and it works.
C.J. tries to make a deal with the French to try to handle a problem in the Sudan.
They ring around trying to identify the bomb, and the camp prepares for the worst.
Phoebe wants to keep one of the babies and manipulates Rachel into asking for her.
Everyone thinks it's a big deal and Monica accuses Rachel of stealing her thunder.
The gang is forced to spend the day participating in activities of Mac's choosing.
Unfortunately, an accident with a cyclist puts something of a dent in the vehicle.
C.J. is concerned that the press senses the Barlets' marriage could be in trouble.
Bartlet keeps Charlie busy on the hunt for the perfect Bible for the inauguration.
Warrick looks into the murder of man by someone who apparently needs a wheelchair.
Tweek suggests doing the report on the underpants gnomes that steal his underwear.
Walker tracks down a hijacked ambulance containing an urgently needed donor liver.
Walker tries to keep a promising young boxer from falling in with the wrong crowd.
When Penny's father visits, she gets Leonard to pretend to still be her boyfriend.
Now all they need is a foreign nation that will launch a stolen whale in to space.
Woody wants to propose to Kelly, but Henr'i and his expiring visa take precedence.
Worf grants Kor a place on his ship as they launch an attack against the Dominion.
Workers at a Medieval-themed restaurant moonlight as fine art and jewelry thieves.
However things only get worse when the Scythian warlord captures Argo for himself.
The next surprise being of what Helen asks of Xena, and Xena smells a rat in Troy.
Xena's former lieutenant Darphus rises from the dead to carry out Ares' evil plan.
The Cunninghams, Potsie, and Ralph go to Hollywood with Fonzie for his screen test.
A famous food critic is threatened by a restaurant owner, and so the critic leaves.
Neela mentors a new med student, and lends a hand when Pratt makes a serious error.
Carter ditches Dennis again to escape his whining, only to discover deadly results.
Carol and Doug perform a safety check in the ER and a clock falls on Weaver's head.
And Margaret develops laryngitis, as she is about to meet her hero, Doctor Chesler.
The client then hires the detective to assist Columbo in the search for the killer.
A producer staging an adaptation of one of Jessica's novels finds no joy in London.
Their case is the apparent murder and robbery of a man who is found by his brother.
After Hawkeye bemoans the young age of the wounded, he appears to develop problems.
Each attempt to dance with Mona is foiled by dance requests by the female children.
Meanwhile Sheldon, in his own way, sets out to apologize to everyone he mistreated.
Fonzie sets him up with a meter maid, and she agrees to go with him to the banquet.
At a swanky fundraiser, attended by the sheriff, a woman turns up dead in the pool.
Ben auditions for a soup commercial and Joey comes along to try for a part as well.
C.D., Trivette, and Walker stumble on a drug operation while on a fishing vacation.
Carter flies to Paris to see Kem when he learns that her mother is in the hospital.
Weaver suggests to Abby that she will match at County, unless she fails her boards.
Carter's day shift and Pratt's night shift, his final shift at County are intercut.
Meanwhile, Cartman discovers he has a rival in America's Sweetheart, Honey Boo Boo.
Catherine and Sara deal with the death of what at first seems to be a transvestite.
Rachel looks for a new apartment so she can have her own place once the baby comes.
Abby attempts to mediate between her fighting neighbors after Brian beats up Joyce.
Kerry puts her newfound power to use rather quickly, and annoys basically everyone.
Deb commits a nearly deadly error on a patient while trying to keep up with Carter.
Doggett and Scully encounter a dead man who is still living, only somewhat changed.
Yet Reyes is also fighting to stay alive in the netherworld between life and death.
Benton must take over an operation by force when Morgenstern is unable to continue.
Later, a paramedic is shot by an angry mob looking for the driver of the ambulance.
Kerry is intrigued by an injured pro wrestler and his relationship with his father.
Mike Yates, formerly of UNIT, is disturbed by odd happenings at a monastic retreat.
He plans to escape during the next mission, but gets involved helping a journalist.
Facing a dating slump, Fonzie suggests that Richie go to the library to meet girls.
Feeling adrift after losing Oz, Willow casts a spell to make her desires come true.
The man is about to be executed when he's granted a stay based on new DNA evidence.
Fonzie hires a convict, via a work-release program, to be a mechanic at his garage.
Fonzie is forced to wear glasses after Ralph's father discovers he has astigmatism.
Fonzie poses as a police officer in order to stop a rumble between two rival gangs.
As they fly through an air vent the ship begins to shrink back to it's proper size.
Whiel there, she helps another aspiring bard discover his true storytelling talent.
Abby treats a mom with five kids who is pregnant again and considering an abortion.
Grissom, Catherine and Nick investigate the death of a runner during a competition.
He soon learns that he is native to this region and that he is Taresian, not human.
Having reached Skonnos, Romana is sent with the Anethians to face the deadly Nimon.
Hawkeye tries unsuccessfully to get to Seoul, to see Nurse Gilmore for the weekend.
Hoynes throws his hat in the presidential ring, and asks Josh to join his campaign.
In a desperate bid to avoid capture as Walker closes in, The Chairman kidnaps Alex.
At day's end, as the lights go out, Luka makes a pivotal decision about his future.
In the Season 19 finale, South Park's residents feel safer when everyone has a gun.
In the Season 20 premiere, the national anthem gets a reboot by an iconic American.
It takes some quick thinking to beat Father Byrne's team from nearby Rugged Island.
Josh has an interesting reaction when Colin arrives at the hospital to visit Donna.
Jed's decision not to be held hostage by Haffley shuts down the federal government.
Jessica helps Seth solve family problems when his rich southern cousin is murdered.
Jessica is furious to see how her book is being butchered by Lydecker and his crew.
After hitting on Rachel, unsuccessfully, Joey tries to make friends with new women.
the part involves kissing another man, and Joey tries to find one to practice with.
Rachel becomes convinced that it is necessary, but Ross doesn't share her feelings.
Kryten gets fussy and jealous thinking that Lister likes Kochanski better than him.
Kyle gets an elephant, but his parents won't let him keep it because it is too big.
Kyle is going to Casa Bonita for his birthday, but he can only bring three friends.
Mean while Kyle is visited by Mr Hankey the Christmas poo who only appears to Kyle.
Cleo doesn't want to go to the wedding, because the bride is Peter's ex-girlfriend.
he decides to play Black Jack to turn a $tip into enough money to finish the movie.
Chandler sees her celebrating and hugging the person next to her, and he walks out.
He comes to South Park to warn about Barbra Streisand's desire to get the triangle.
The fish begins to kill people and his Mother believes it to be Stan, not the fish.
Frank picks it up off the ground from next to a trash can and soon everybody knows.
Norm gets some dirt on his main competitor for a promotion but hesitates to use it.
The town protests the police, causing them to quite working and open a hula studio.
On the day Grissom has to evaluate his team, a head is found in the trunk of a car.
However, Kochanski tells him that she isn't interested in him and wants a real man.
Feeling left out, Kyle lies about getting his period, and joins their goddess club.
His actions have consequences and ultimately result in an unimaginable catastrophe.
when she falls asleep, they go into the bedroom to try to make a baby of their own.
Rachel finds out that Ross has his future with her all planned out, and she panics.
she lives out by the beach, so everyone decides to go to the beach for the weekend.
Phoebe plans a special dinner out for her birthday, and all the gang plans to come.
Believing the stripper, whom Joey slept with took it, they mistakenly confront her.
Potential Slayers are arriving from around the world, seeking shelter in Sunnydale.
The bag contains various items including weapons, a book, and a strange sealed box.
Q tries to get Riker to join the Q Continuum when he grants him the power of the Q.
Joey believes the chair miraculously healed itself, so Rachels keeps the new chair.
Monica doesn't understand why he's so bothered by it, until she watches it as well.
Hawkeye operates on a wounded prisoner who grabs a scalpel and attacks the doctors.
Richie makes a lucky shot to win a basketball game and suddenly becomes a big hero.
Everyone is on board, except for Stan, who just can't seem to cut off his bracelet.
Joey yearns for Kate, but since he can't have her, he goes out with her understudy.
Ross and Rachel's fighting causes the gang to try to hang out with them separately.
But Rachel tells Gunther to give Joey his job back, and of course Gunther complies.
Ross pays so much attention to Carol that he doesn't even notice his date has gone.
Sam lies to Diane about the weekend he has planned chasing snow bunnies in Vermont.
After she has contractions, Susan is put on bed rest for the rest of her pregnancy.
Kate tries to resolve a silly border dispute with Canada before there is bloodshed.
Luka takes Alex to his soccer game, and Susan and her family pay a visit to the ER.
However, his new interest seems to suffer from a bizarre form of split personality.
Swept up in an apocalyptic war, the Doctor must help the Marshal defend his planet.
Ted, Dougal and Jack go on an all-expenses-spared holiday to Kilkelly Caravan Park.
When B.A. realises he sits in an airplane, he enters a state of paralytic comatose.
However, he's now repented of his crimes and wishes to live a quiet, peaceful life.
Strange creatures dwell within and someone at the institute is in league with them,
The Doctor is brought to the master of the underground passages, the robot Drathro.
However, something stirs in a nearby pyramid and it demands a sacrificial offering,
But Viking raiders are lurking in the woods and the Saxon villagers are suspicious,
Can the Doctor return everyone to their proper time and place before it's too late?
The TARDIS brings its crew to a quarantine facility for victims of an alien plague.
But what is the link between the treasure and Iceworld's proprietor, the evil Kane?
Joey buys a pet chick for Chandler, but caring for it becomes a source of conflict.
The constant rain prevents most of the gang from enjoying their time on the island.
Under Richie's leadership, everything seems to go wrong and nobody has a good time.
The guys want to learn to be better at sports so Barry Kripke teaches them fencing.
The menace of the insectoid Wirrn has become apparent, Can the Doctor save mankind?
The results of the inquiry lead to dramatic changes of the CSI team and the series.
The second Doctor and Jamie continue their perilous mission aboard a space station.
This 2 minute special was aired as part of Monty Python's 30th anniversary special.
Three little CSIs, Grissom, Sara, and Nick respond to an electrocution at a casino.
The TARDIS lands in an eerie petrified forest overlooking a magnificent steel city.
After Richie discovers the purpose of the party, he and the guys head for the door.
Walker and Trivette set to prove that race was an illegal main factor in an arrest.
Rachel's department at work is eliminated, so she gets demoted to Personal Shopper.
When Riley tells his superiors about Buffy, they invite her to join the Initiative.
Xena must help Lao Ma's daughter, K'ao Hsin, protect from her evil sister, Pao Ssu.
Woody decides to steal Kelly, a rich snob's girl, away when the man humiliates him.
As more people suffer from not being able to die, time is running out for everyone.
Initially, it's believed to be a suicide, but Catherine determines she was murdered.
Civilian affairs relocates the family and blood tests prove Radar is not the father.
A camera crew shooting footage for a documentary interviews members of the ER staff.
a predatory divorce attorney is murdered, and the world seems just a little sweeter.
Then, the principal actually witnesses the exchange between the teacher and student.
and as the events restart again and again, Mulder's sense of deja-vu grows stronger.
He and Malucci treat a young boy injecting steroids who is frightened of his father.
Carter tries to find a drug addict who has left the hospital against medical advice.
B.A. and Murdock escape and try to stay alive, while outrunning the Military Police.
After exhausting all other possibilities, Benton operates on the girl without blood.
He finds out that with Tourette's, he can say whatever he wants without consequence.
But even if Colombo could rock the two alibis, there is always the immunity-problem,
Lucy and Carol compete for the one available rehab bed each of their patients needs.
Along the way, a strong partnership and friendship develops between the two sleuths.
B.A.'s fear of flying is justified when the A-Team's plane crashes in the backwoods.
CJ must ask a popular comedian to turn down an offer to host the Will Rogers dinner.
Soon, they must analyse a proposed treaty with the Dominion and predict its outcome.
Benton encounters trouble finding a new job after Romano blacklists him across town.
Black Friday is almost here and the battle for the new gaming devices is heating up.
Both the Master and the Doctor try to work out how the TOMTIT experiment went wrong.
Buffy arrives in L.A., furious that Angel did not tell her that he was in Sunnydale.
Catherine and Brass investigate the case in which a man is found dead in a dumpster.
Meanwhile, Nick and Sara investigate a not-so-amicable divorce with a bizarre twist.
Fonzie tells Chachi that girls will ask him out because he has the Fonzarelli power.
A salesman tries to sell Joey encyclopedias, but Joey just can't afford a whole set.
But can either one of them protect the Earth from the approaching army of metal men?
Colonel Flagg blows into camp trying to obtain penicillin to barter for information.
Meanwhile, Dee fears that her boyfriend might be using a similar system to play her.
Carol worries when Millicent Carter stops payment on a donation check to the clinic.
Xena reveals that she is the woman that took Borias away from Belach and his mother.
Feeling his fetal offspring kick sends Howard on a baby-items buying binge with Raj.
There, Howard recognizes her as stripper he saw at a hardware convention in Chicago.
After a visit to the veterinarian, it is determined that Spunky's problem is mental.
There's just one problem, the REAL J-Lo shows up to protest the hand's authenticity.
Alex discovers one of the women may have had improper legal representation at trial.
But Sam and Diane get a surprise when Frasier proposes to Candi after just one date.
Meanwhile, Hot Lips receives an eventful visit from Scully, her combat soldier beau.
Brenner and Dubenko clash while treating a mother thought to have late stage cancer.
Doctor Morgenstern returns to the ER to assist a former mentor who is seriously ill.
Fulbright intends only to find a child, that might be his and he just learned about.
Grissom and Catherine investigate when a leg is found severed from a body in a lake.
Catherine and Sara investigate the death of a six year old girl at a shady carnival.
He decides to find out who started the war, and sends a telegram to Harry S. Truman.
Hoping it will make him a better teacher, Sheldon has Penny give him acting lessons.
Howard's old army buddy, a black man, asks Howard to be the best man at his wedding.
Lastly, Abby tries to protect a neighbor from a violent husband but ends up injured.
Perhaps the most poignant scene is when Radar asks Chandler to bless his teddy bear.
Joey and Rachel live the with awkward aftermath of the announcement of his feelings.
Joey poses for a health poster, but later finds out he's become the V.D. poster boy.
Joey shows his friends his new apartment, which, unfortunately he decorated himself.
Ross tries to talk with Rachel about her feelings, but she just pretends she's fine.
Ross prepares to take her, but just before this is revealed, Rachel's date shows up.
Klinger and BJ both have Radar related woes, causing them to go on a drinking binge.
Kyle's diabetes has now affected his kidneys, and he desperately needs a transplant.
Mark is riddled with self doubt as the hospital prepares to settle the O'Brien suit.
Carla goes into labor again, about eight weeks prematurely, and delivers a baby boy.
Carter successfully diagnoses a serious injury, only to have Edson steal the credit.
It is, of course, the simulant who was inside and he chases them through the colony.
Morris faces a complicated case involving a young girl hit while riding her bicycle.
The only way for Murdock to get to his target is to pose as secret agent Logan Ross.
Odo and Dax discover a village where the inhabitants are disappearing one at a time.
Hawkeye bets he can walk into the mess tent naked for lunch, and no one will notice.
The time wand is retrieved and Hollister demands that they turn Pete back to normal.
At Monica's request, Chandler and Joey start spending time hanging out with Richard.
Joey tries to initiate a strip-poker game, which ends up as a strip-Happy-Days game.
Phoebe waits on hold so she can have her phone repaired before the warranty expires.
Phoebe's Dad can't come to the wedding, so she asks Joey to walk her down the aisle.
Picking up where last season ended, D.B. Russell's granddaughter has been kidnapped.
The potential success goes to his head, and he treats those around him as inferiors.
Joey gets a beautiful new roommate, Janine and struggles to avoid flirting with her.
Monica gets asked out by a customer at the diner, who turns out to be a millionaire.
Monica dates Ethan, a younger man who turns out to be even younger than she thought.
Monica goes on a date with Paul the wine guy, who turns out to be less than sincere.
Rachel's pregnancy has her hormones running wild, and she tries to find some action.
Richie, Potsie, and Ralph stage a beauty contest at Arnold's in order to meet girls.
Joey can't go out with his date, Lorraine, unless he brings a friend for her friend.
Sandy Lopez is critically injured after going into a fire in an abandoned warehouse.
Sharon is thrilled that Randy is making an effort to do more things that she enjoys.
Sheldon goes head-to-head with Wil Wheaton for the role of the new Professor Proton.
Sheldon makes a scientific discovery, but it ends up making him feel like a cheater.
Stardate: Unknown Riker is infected with an alien organism that takes over his mind.
However, his motives for tracking her down are more sinister than Kira had imagined.
Rachel's boyfriend is admitted with a broken ankle and tests positive for marijuana.
However, parting from his long-time companions at the Parochial House proves tricky.
Toby offers a Congresswoman a Cabinet position but is forced to take back the offer.
The CSI team tries to determine if a man's fall off a balcony was suicide or murder.
The Daleks continue to prowl the streets of London, searching for the Hand of Omega.
The Doctor and Ace learn the inner workings of the oppressive regime on Terra Alpha.
The Doctor and Jo try to escape from the ship in the machine in which it is trapped.
The Doctor and Sarah find themselves in a village filled with oddly behaving people.
But can he escape the control center and an opponent who can foresee his every move?
The Doctor decides he should create a holographic family in order to expand himself.
The Doctor makes a last effort to stop both Linx and Irongron from changing history.
When an alien spy gains access to The Doctor's visions he mistakes them for reality.
But gathering them all in one place creates a tempting target for the evil War Lord.
Meanwhile, the Marshal moves ahead with his plans to wipe out all of his opposition,
The Doctor, Ian, Barbara and Vicki begin to play with the time and space visualizer.
The Enterprise must deal with a creature from Kirk's past that feeds on human blood.
Sidney Freedman drops in during the deluge, and is dragged into the fray by Hawkeye.
and a documentary on the entire American experience is included on the Series V DVD.
The President-elect visits to take care of some unfinished business in his hometown.
The Rangers investigate a rash of armored car robberies by a group dressed as Santa.
Queen Victoria is on her way to Balmoral, but the visit isn't going exactly to plan.
The Doctor and his companions will be lucky to avoid being swept up in the violence.
They find that a powerful syndicate already exists there, run by a kid named Loogie.
The citizens of South Park wake up one morning shocked to find the Internet is gone.
They come across a computer-generated ship, and Rimmer is captured and taken aboard.
And the Swampies are determined to appease it, by sacrificing the Doctor and Romana.
Josh asks Leo to let him use his connection to postpone the FDA's drug announcement.
However, while Joey and Chandler are at a game, Rachel and Monica switch apartments.
The staff springs into action when Mark is violently beaten by an unknown assailant.
The staff wrangles with the State Department over language in the inaugural address.
This makes Grissom angry and it only gets worse when Sara offers to bait the killer.
Needing to slaughter innocents for the ritual, they descend upon The Bronze to feed.
Third year med student, and part-time OB nurse Abby Lockhart begins her ER rotation.
Kyle and Ike are sent to Jewbilee while their parents go to the meteor shower party.
Vindicated by Aggedor, the Doctor tries to unravel the mysterious events on Peladon.
The team uses sophisticated new equipment to track the scent the killer left behind.
But the cunning Priest of Sacrifice now turns his plans to the destruction of Susan,
The spell, however, backfires and causes the whole gang to wake up with no memories.
With supplies low, the 4077th gets a truckload of ice cream churns and salt tablets.
She gets fired, but all the kids come to the coffee house so they can still hear her.
Then Murdock learns that the man may be Face's father and the daughter Face's sister.
And Charlie tells Kate Harper that a man from his gym asked if she was dating anyone.
Luke's Youth Group in some spooky caves spells spelaeological trouble for our heroes.
Doug and Linda return from the Caribbean just as Carol makes a surprise announcement.
and caring for a bedridden Mrs Wolowitz proves a challenge for Howard and Bernadette.
A warrior named Mavican decides to kill Xena to become the heir to Ares' Godly favor.
A young girl is abducted from outside a convenience store, triggering an Amber alert.
Morris and Pratt take over the lounge to do some last minute studying for the Boards.
Abby leaves an infant int the room for a moment, and it disappears from the hospital.
Ace leaves, while Rimmer plays his Hammond Organ Owners Society CD's to the skutters.
After Jenny's date dumps her before a big masquerade ball, Fonzie agrees to take her.
When Klinger mentions he can bowl, the Colonel decides to have a bowling competition.
Jed, Debbie, and Charlie are poked, prodded, and sent to the decontamination showers.
Doctor Dave learns about sympathy from a girl whose face was burned in the explosion.
As the Waitress prepares to get married, Dee is jealous that she isn't a bride to be.
Meanwhile, Luka worries about the implications of the suit and the possible outcomes.
Sam's mission to end the Wilde campaign leads him to make a career-altering decision.
Ben tries to escape and alert the Doctor to the danger presented by the war machines.
Nurse Rhonda Sterling floats down to the ER again and makes another critical mistake.
Jeanie confronts Weaver and Anspaugh over what she perceives as wrongful termination.
The meeting doesn't go well and in a fit of rage afterwards, Buffy cuts off her hair.
Cynthia pours her heart out about her relationship with Mark to an uninterested Doug.
Chloe abandons Little Susie again for a lucrative career in the flea market business.
Ray thinks a 14-year-old is a drug seeker, but he's really the victim of molestation.
Naturally, he attracts a lot of attention in a chat room for men who like young boys.
The boys get Jimbo and Ned to capture it, and they show it to the rest of South Park.
Cartman seeks wicked revenge on Scott Tenorman when he won't give him his money back.
Joey and Phoebe realize neither of them have keys to Chandler and Monica's apartment.
She spends the whole date obsessing about Ross and Julie, and drinking too much wine.
Monica's hair causes her problems at home, so she agrees to get rid of the corn rows.
As her colleagues watch, Sandy Lopez plants a kiss on Weaver, effectively outing her.
Corday, still living in the hotel, is avoiding Mark, until Ella says her first words.
And Jessica still needs to answer the question of how a killer could see in the dark.
The Doctor and Jo find themselves on an Earth in ruins, ruled by he merciless Daleks.
The Doctor and Jo go ghost-hunting, but are these ghosts from the past or the future?
The Krynoid grows to monstrous size and traps the Doctor and the others in a cottage.
Ezri is enlisted to help track down a serial killer that is loose on Deep Space Nine.
Flattery in a teacher evaluation leads to Ross dating one of his students, Elizabeth.
Later, Tommy is brought into the camp, seriously wounded, and Hawkeye can't save him.
Jasmine is using every mind in the city to search for her and to bring her to ground.
Gage and Sydney protect an accountant so he can testify at the trial of a crime boss.
Grissom and Catherine investigate the grisly meat grinder murder at a slaughterhouse.
Missing from the residence are the chief's trophy wife and their 7-year-old daughter.
Also, Sofia wants to leave the lab, she's unhappy about no longer being a supervisor.
Halloween night finds the ER awash with allergic or otherwise incapacitated children.
Kerry tolerates a visiting candidate for chief while she waits for the official vote.
Willow and Tara meet for a coffee date and begin to mend their troubled relationship.
During the night he and Trapper play Dracula, and siphon off a pint of Frank's blood.
Hearing Star Trek sex games between Leonard and Priya sends Raj to live with Sheldon.
Chaz is admitted to the ER, worrying Pratt, and Ray is challenged by a young patient.
Monica decides it's time to have sex with Doctor Roger, but he gets paged and leaves.
Seth agrees to stay the night, but the reunion is cut short when Richard is murdered.
Ross has a chance to be the keynote speaker at a Paleontology convention in Barbados.
but when the call-back time gets changed, Chandler neglects to give Joey the message.
Chandler finds out that he does really have that much in common with Eddie after all.
Ross was just planning to ask Rachel if they could start up their relationship again.
Since his TV show stinks, it gets cancelled and he has to come crawling back to Days.
Rachel hires an assistant, and choses a pretty-boy, Tag instead of a qualified woman.
Joey's war movie, Over There comes out, and he plans to take the gang to the premier.
Monica discovers some unexpected footage of her parents at the end of the video tape.
Lister attempts to reverse the process but causes an overload and Red Dwarf blows up.
Raj is infuriated when Howard's skirt-chasing leads to the loss of his prized patang.
Matters are complicated when Lilith's disgruntled former lover comes looking for her.
Lou and Santos run into trouble on the road when they try to pick up a family's vote.
Corday is living in a hotel, and confesses to Benton that she thinks she's left Mark.
Mark, with surprise guest Cynthia, returns to San Diego to be with his ailing mother.
Meglos, disguised as the Doctor, puts into action his plan to steal the dodecahedron.
Chandler and Monica find out that Mr and Mrs Geller have spent Monica's wedding fund.
Joey finds an erotic book that Rachel's been reading, and won't let her live it down.
Someone overhears that Monica is marrying Chandler, and wishes a sarcastic good luck.
Ross' monkey, Marcel, reaches sexual maturity and starts humping everything in sight.
Mrs Wolowitz ends up in the hospital after Howard tells her he's marrying Bernadette.
Disaster strikes, as the GELFs return and make the break in the wormhole even bigger.
Meanwhile, the election results are in, and Gerald is confronted by the Troll Hunter.
Paris and Kim enter a race that symbolises a peace treaty between four warring races.
Rachel dates Tommy, who seems pretty nice, except when he starts screaming at people.
The Doctor and Romana are seeking the planet Calufrax where the second segment waits.
They decide to let Joey, who's being ordained over the Internet perform the ceremony.
he now works at Louis Vuitton and once again knows of a possible job opening for her.
Cindy, however, will only be able to meet up with Richie after the dance has started.
Ross and Monica's Aunt Silvia passes away and leaves a beautiful dollhouse to Monica.
Joey, who still has Phoebe's cab convinces her to keep him company on the drive home.
he tries to read it but falls asleep, then has to fake it when she asks him about it.
Mark fears for Elizabeth and baby Ella's safety when Corday doesn't answer her pager.
Chakotay feels compelled to rescue his child, in spite of fearing it could be a trap.
Doug accuses two parents of child abuse, but finds out that their child is disturbed.
Also, a seven-year-old video reveals a secret about Leonard and Penny's relationship.
Eventually Xena defeats Yodoshi and releases the many souls that he has held captive.
Kai Winn asks Gul Dukat to join her in releasing the Pah-wraiths from the Fire Caves.
Sisko, Odo, Dax and Garak are shifted into the past, when DS9 was known as Terok Nor.
Warrick and Grissom look into the circumstances of David's unusual and first autopsy.
Benton is visibly upset when Jeanie begins work in the ER as a physician's assistant.
Stan is the driving force who gets the citizens of South Park to all buy hybrid cars.
This enzyme is regularly administered by the Dominion to keep the Jem'Hadar obedient.
In orbit, a Romulan Warbird prevents the Enterprise from attempting a rescue mission.
In a fit of the usual stupidity, Dougal manages to empty the fuel tanks on the plane.
Ted gets his chance to be on TV when he is to be interviewed by a magazine programme.
The A-Team is called to rescue a hijacked 747 when the police shouldn't get involved.
The CSI team investigates when a man is found dead inside a human-sized hamster ball.
The CSI team says goodbye to Catherine Willows as she makes a life-changing decision.
Also, Warrick's work on the late-shift is causing problems with his marriage to Tina.
The Doctor and Zoe's investigations cause the Krotons to summon them into their ship.
Lucy tells Carter she will think about it but he shouldn't interfere in her business.
Eleanor Carter nearly abandons young Mickey after realizing how bad his condition is.
Doctor Corday does a ride-along with EMTs and rescues a man trapped under a building.
Anna walks out on a trauma involving a partial abortion, which doesn't please Weaver.
The conspiracy against Peladon is finally revealed and Hepesh moves against the king.
Ross, always wanting to get his money's worth, won't check out until the last minute.
The doors to the mall will finally open for the biggest Black Friday sale in history.
The folks in South Park are partying in the streets after a new president is elected.
Later, Dee wants in on the new project and Frank becomes obsessed with Charlie's mom.
At the end, he wakes up just in time to unknowingly agree to move to Tulsa, Oklahoma.
The gang sets out to enact a plan at the reunion that will fix their tarnished image.
Meanwhile, Cartman will do anything to get his beloved fried chicken restaurant back.
The newly-regenerated Doctor explains to a disbelieving Rose that he has regenerated.
The Doctor, Ian, Barbara and Susan try to escape through a city crawling with Daleks,
The staff must deal with changes in the ER when Anspaugh makes an unpopular decision.
Tired of driving around in Howard's DeSoto, Richie and Potsie buy a car of their own.
Meanwhile, Principal Victoria and Mr Garrison return but barely recognize South Park.
Toby doesn't want Jed to attend a New York fund-raiser because Ritchie will be there.
Greg attends a hearing to ascertain his culpability in a teenager's accidental death.
After doing an exemplary job as substitute, Cartman is sent to help inner-city youth.
A bachelor party and his sexual past puts Howard's marriage to Bernadette in jeopardy.
A delivery boy says he was only a witness when he is found kneeling beside the victim.
The general then woos her and makes her fall for him, causing her to change her story.
The call serves as the first step in a conditioning reflex on the psychiatrist's dogs.
A mobster is upset when he learns that a petty thief has found an unexpected $900,000.
Sisko does not intervene, even when the 'Evil One' inhabits the body of his son, Jake.
Colonel Potter tries in vain to halt the mayhem before Colonel Tucker arrives in camp.
A suspect's infatuation with Catherine results in her taking over a high profile case.
Charlie's date with Zoey is cancelled because of threats by a white supremacist group.
Malucci clashes with Jing-Mei and Cleo when his past track record gets him in trouble.
After Frank invests in a billboard, he and Mac attempt to find Paddy's next top model.
When he finds no comfort in his friends and family, how far will he go to find a cure?
Meanwhile Bartlet is still trying to keep the situation in Central Asia under control.
After weeks of erratic behavior, Tom Paris leaves Voyager and joins a Talaxian convoy.
All eyes are looking forward to the Leo McGarry/Ray Sullivan Vice Presidential debate.
Weaver interracts with paramedic Sandy Lopez for the first time at the accident scene.
and Cordelia's closeness with Angel causes a rift in her relationship with Groosalugg.
Will he be able to keep his son safe from the hordes of demons after his new born son?
Meanwhile, Will also finds himself in a position of uncertainty about what is to come.
As the Time War comes to its bloody conclusion, the Doctor crashes on the planet Karn.
Meanwhile, the guys try to reintroduce a broken hearted Charlie into the dating scene.
Toby orders C.J. to flush out a leak in the White House staff, which is far from easy.
A drunk Chloe throws a tantrum in the hospital and ruins Susan's birthday festivities.
Beth lays a trap for Bryce and shoots him, claiming that she thought he was a prowler.
They track the other to a nest and decide to call in the big guns and visit, Jonathan.
Josh debates a women's group lobbyist over a treaty's wording concerning prostitution.
Carla learns that Eddie led a secret life when a second widow shows up at his funeral.
Chachi discovers a great basketball player who recently transferred to Jefferson High.
Chandler spends time with Mr Geller, and keeps having embarrassing moments at the gym.
New med student Jake and Abby treat a man with lupus and a family living in their car.
Colonel Lacy is reckless and his men keep getting wounded and ending up at the 4077th.
Grissom and Sara take the case of Lou and Ray whose bodies were found in Lou's garage.
CID sends Lt Willis to investigate, but when he refuses Hawkeye and Trapper frame him.
Jerry manages to blow up the ambulance bay entrance using a patient's rocket launcher.
Diane and Sam try to rebuild Frasier's shattered ego when he starts drinking too much.
In flashbacks, we see Donna becoming attracted to British photojournalist Colin Ayres.
Doug and Carol man the Healthmobile, a roving medical van that caters to the homeless.
Doctor Corday commits a deadly error after being on-call for nearly 36 hours straight.
The Doctor and his friends try to find Lupton, who has stolen a powerful blue crystal.
Then his uncharacteristically bold actions stun Colonel Potter and the entire company.
Fonzie is shot, presumably by Potsie, during a weekend trip to Potsie's uncle's cabin.
However, rather than being happy to see them Fred seems terrified and flees the scene.
Alex steals a severed finger and later goes missing, turning up at County to see Luka.
Catherine and Nick investigate the killing of a school's dean by the school's founder.
Grissom, Nick, and Sara search for a kidnapped woman and find more than they expected.
Catherine, Nick, and Warrick get the case of a family of three murdered in their home.
Hannibal auditions for the role of Ruff the Bear in the show The Uncle Buckle Up Show.
BJ harvesting an aorta from a dead soldier doesn't sit well with the soldier's friend.
Hawkeye performs a difficult operation and the patient does not recover, as he should.
Cat's opposite, unfortunately for him is a dog, and even Holly has an opposite, Hilly.
and Danny arrives bearing gifts of gold and a heads-up for C.J. about Shareef's death.
Meanwhile, Mr Hat has gone missing, resulting in Mr Garrison seeking psychiatric help.
Santos pulls a stunt which leads to higher approval ratings and jolts the Vinick camp.
Jessica somehow gets tangled in a situation involving a deadly virus and an arms deal.
Phoebe tries to come up with ways to make money so he won't have to give up his dream.
Erica, the mother of Monica and Chandler's future child comes to New York for a visit.
Rachel and Monica throw a bachelorette party for Phoebe, but haven't hired a stripper.
Weaver offers Lewis the acting ER chief job, but Susan refuses because she's pregnant.
Franklin's plan is perfect except that a fan of Mrs Melville, Lilly La Sanka, saw him.
Unfortunately, his dreams are crushed when purity rings are handed out at the concert.
Kerry investigates Synergix, an ER management group specializing in balancing budgets.
Lister consoles him by saying that he is different now than when he was first created.
Leonard is depressed to realize all the other guys have girlfriends, while he doesn't.
Fortunately for Henry, they escape, and with the aid of Meg Cratty come to the rescue.
Abby learns that the case against Brian has been dropped because somebody beat him up.
Moretti makes his presence felt as he implements changes in the way patients are seen.
She warns the children that if they leave the bus, a big, scary monster will eat them.
Before long the agents realise that the snakes are being used to kill the unrighteous.
have left the Cunningham house, Marion looks to find ways to cope and occupy her time.
His son is ok, but he suffers complications and requires surgery, but will be ok also.
Toby solicits Annabeth's advice regarding proper behavior for Abbey at a NASCAR event.
C.J. wrangles a minor controversy ignited by a leak that Jed doesn't like green beans.
Joey tries to get someone to name their first child Joey, to carry on his family name.
Joey dreams of being with Rachel, and continues to struggle with his feelings for her.
Her date doesn't go well because Kash doesn't react well to news that she is pregnant.
Private Baker, who is always going AWOL, is desperate for plastic surgery on his nose.
meanwhile Chandler thinks he broke it, so he replaces it with his own identical chair.
Monica arranges a trip to Las Vegas, where his father performs, so they can reconcile.
To make up for it, Monica hires Chandler a stripper, who turns out to be a prostitute.
Richie feels that he doesn't have enough privacy, so he decides to move in with Chuck.
Joey tries to persuade his identical hand twin that they should go into show business.
Meanwhile, Joey dates Katie, a cute little woman who likes to punch Joey's arm, a lot.
Joey needs new head shots, and his photographer advises him to get his eyebrows waxed.
Monica and Rachel debate about what to do, and Rachel accidentally erases the message.
Sam and Woody wager over who can be the first to plant a three-second kiss on Rebecca.
Neela has a tough first day in the ER, earning Chen's ire after Pratt flirts with her.
However, once their regeneration is complete, all recollection of the event is erased.
This eventually leads our CSIs to a divorced man and his 2 children but not much else.
Stan finds out that he's depressed after taking a test given to him by Scientologists.
When the police show up, the boys refuse to give up the animals and a standoff ensues.
Stardate: Unknown For the first time since the death of his wife, Sisko falls in love.
When Benton becomes stuck in surgery he must resort to calling Roger to pick up Reese.
Despite Doug's urgings, Mark still finds himself afraid to admit his feelings for her.
Things turn out to be more complicated, when they discover drugs are part of the game.
Mulder and Scully must first understand why this is happening before they can stop it.
The CSI's investigate a spiritual retreat when a body is found floating in a mud bath.
The Doctor and Sondergaaard finally unravel the mystery behind the mutations on Solos.
The Doctor and his companions must avoid being made into displays in the space museum.
The Doctor finally discovers the full scale of the Monk's plan to meddle with history.
But his opponent is prepared for him and the two engage in a mental duel to the death.
But he must first deal with the Master, who seems to have Trenchard under his control,
The Doctor returns to present-day Earth and discovers that it is overgrown with trees.
The Doctor tries to persuade the Dulcians that they are in danger from the Dominators.
The Ice Warriors activate their invasion plan, sending deadly seed pods down to Earth.
The Monks have conquered Earth, by convincing humanity that they've always been there.
The Nucleus, now grown to human size, is determined to spawn and take over the Galaxy.
uk has a complete article about the fate of Red Dwarf USA in their 'DownTime' section.
The President of the High Council has been killed and the Doctor is the prime suspect.
the plane carrying Bartlet's doctor, a naval officer, is shot down en route to Jordan.
Cartman decides that they need to toilet paper, TP the art teacher's house in revenge.
They take her aboard Starbug but the ice doesn't melt, even in very warm temperatures.
The entire team investigates the abduction of the infant child of a well to do family.
But what will the Imperial Daleks do once they have a source of such tremendous power?
Meanwhile, Don the plumber pops the question to Rebecca and gets an unexpected answer.
The gang tries to get the Lone Ranger, Fonzie's idol, to appear at his birthday party.
Meanwhile the girls help Stuart try to get more women to come to the comic book store.
Grissom is additionally distraught by the idea that this killer is smarter than he is.
The mirror universe's Bareil attempts to steal the Bajoran orb of Prophecy and Change.
The puppets are dancing to a different tune, much to the dismay of the young designer.
Bartlet and the senior staff walk into a hail of bullets as they leave a town meeting.
With the investigation somewhat stalled, the sheriff invites the FBI to join the case.
The second is left to figure out how to neutralize the dangerous anti-matter creature.
Jill is upset and throws herself at Ross, attempting to use him to get back at Rachel.
During their conversation they switch places and repeat things they have already said.
War breaks out between India and Pakistan and Bartlet consults with Lord John Marbury.
Catherine desperately tries to find out where her missing daughter and ex-husband are.
Later Diane says she does want to get married, but Sam has now retracted the proposal.
Abby seems to notice the chemistry between Susan and Carter and gets a little jealous.
Carter's mental stability has deteriorated to the point where he almost kills a woman.
When Jessica visits the Amish to buy a quilt, she finds they are not immune to murder.
Sam encourages a friend to run for office, unfortunately it doesn't go as he intended.
However, Doctor Soong has inadvertently summoned Data's brother Lore to the encounter.
Kyle's baby brother, Ike, drops by and Kyle plays kick the baby until the bus arrives.
At school, Cartman starts farting flames, but continually denies any actual abduction.
A body is found in a pottery store in what's apparently a robbery that was interrupted.
A chemist rigs a bomb in his uncle's car so he can gain control of his uncle's company.
When other people turn up with the same problem, it's up to the team to figure out why.
Despite the fact that Rimmer hated his father, he is nonetheless completely devastated.
The two grow closer, as Carter finally tells her about his stabbing and drug addiction.
Lister, Cat and Kryten give chase in Blue Midget, but as they catch up, Rimmer crashes.
Meanwhile, Raj is reluctant to reveal what the new woman in his life does for a living.
Nick gets pulled in by his prostitute friend who gets in a scuffle with hotel security.
Meanwhile, Charlie and Dee work together to come up with the next big thing on Youtube.
Julia's sister Sabrina is convinced that Donald didn't do it and begs Jessica for help.
While on the surface, Janeway and Paris are accidentally shifted one day into the past.
After eight months in a coma after her fight with Buffy, Faith awakens to seek revenge.
C.J. tells Donna some things she's rather not hear about Josh and her career prospects.
An art critic, Dale Kingston, kills his uncle for his valuable collection of paintings.
After Sam suggests they take their relationship slower, Luka isn't too thrilled either.
Arlene, a girl from Richie's past, is back in town, and Richie goes on a date with her.
As a game-show contestant, Richie wins $3200 before time runs out for that week's show.
Josh is outraged when Will uses Jed's paralysis as a political opportunity for Russell.
After a spontaneous kiss with Doug, Carol has second thoughts about moving in with Tag.
George Henry returns to complete his clerkship and suffers a near fatal allergy attack.
Bernadette tries to decrease the amount of friction in Howard and Sheldon's friendship.
In the ER, Luka cares for an old woman who is dying on what happens to be her birthday.
Missing Valium is found in Weaver's labcoat, although it's implied that Morris took it.
Cartman owns up to being fat and decides that driving around on a scooter is his right.
The crew is racing to stop the attacker before his crimes become more serious assaults.
She becomes convinced that the maid is stealing clothes, her stained jeans and her bra.
It crosses the line when Ursula comes by and he has sex with her, thinking it's Phoebe.
Phoebe's dating a guy she really likes, but is perplexed that they haven't had sex yet.
Colonel Potter, deciding that the camp is out of shape, enforces a calisthenics course.
Cousin Emma in London has a new problem when someone serves her lover poisoned herring.
Mark is put on trial, so to speak, in the M&M conference regarding Jodi O'Brien's case.
Diane is offended when Sam agrees to be featured in a magazine as an eligible bachelor.
Donna is back and she's working for the Santos/McGarry campaign, but just not for Josh.
Doug is able to get the boy out, but must improvise further in order to keep him alive.
Jerry and Mark take charge of the annual ER banquet, with results not quite as planned.
Elsewhere at the same time, Doggett is shot and Lukesh identifies Reyes as the shooter.
With Buffy in a coma, the gang must devise a plan to defeat the Mayor once and for all.
The UK space programme is in crisis as all contact has been lost with Mars Probe Seven.
Finding this position awkward, Radar opts to return to his position as an enlisted man.
On the list is one goal he hasn't yet accomplished, climb Suicide Hill on a motorcycle.
They agree to settle their differences, but Ashley asks Fonzie to promise not to fight.
Luka flirts with a patient's mom and is caught emerging from a storage closet with her.
Carter is in charge for the day, part of a requirement for applying for chief resident.
According to the characters, he died at the hands of a mystical beast known as Grendel.
As he tries to help, the Master sets in motion his plan to capture the powerful aliens,
But something unusual is happening, and the losing contestants are being disintegrated.
However, their presence sets off an old booby trap that puts all their lives in danger.
They form an elaborate plan to trick the Gods, but there are some serious consequences.
Janine gets highered to dance at the pre-taping of Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve.
Jessica intervenes when a long-lost Army buddy of her friend Seth is accused of murder.
Joanie brings home one of her students in an attempt to help her with her drug problem.
he gets caught cleaning up in the only shower on the set, in Mr Heston's dressing room.
Joey tries unsuccessfully to believe that he's not feeling anything special for Rachel.
Kirk, the new acting sheriff, tries to exert his power by forcing Fonzie to leave town.
He detaches his hand and tells it to return to Red Dwarf and bring back Lister and Cat.
Malucci learns a lesson in sympathy dealing with a man dying from a skydiving accident.
On Red Dwarf they freeze the crew and break Lister, Rimmer and Birdman out of the hold.
Meanwhile, Kryten and Cat become quantum entangled and do everything in perfect unison.
Corday, eager to leave work for a vacation with Greene, makes a poor surgical decision.
A blaze destroys Sam's new home, and she has her suspicions about how the fire started.
He sends Bardonaro off without his traveling papers, and in a jeep with too little gas.
Josh tries to get administration nominees appointed to the Federal Elections Committee.
Concurrently, another species on the planet is exhibiting the same drastic development.
Carter decides to apply for both the ER sub-internship and the surgical sub-internship.
Meanwhile, Cat and Lister find a machine with a Star Trek style 'CARRS' computer panel.
Monica and Chandler each attempt to write their wedding vows, but both have difficulty.
Phoebe pretends to be Ursula so she can let him down nicely, a ruse which doesn't last.
Phoebe and Mike take the next step in their relationship, by exchanging apartment keys.
But before long it becomes clear that not one of these men have slept in over 20 years.
Mysterious circumstances surrounding the death of a fourteen year old baffles the CSIs.
Neelix is killed during an away mission, but is revived using modified Borg technology.
Each has their own solution, Joanie wants to break up, and Chachi wants to get married.
Norm's new job seems like a dream come true when he becomes a beer taster at a brewery.
So to scare them away the kids dress as ninjas but the everyone mistakes them for ISIS.
And Bartlet seems to have recovered most of his strength after his recent bout with MS.
Josh and Donna work on the nomination for the next person to appear on a postage stamp.
The crew put out a heap of food for Pete and he eats it but then runs amok on the ship.
Chandler plays all day, fills the top scores, and spells dirty words with the initials.
He quickly discovers, though, that bachelor life isn't quite what he expected it to be.
Richie is able to stop the out-of-control horses that are pulling a wagon Joanie is in.
Ricky Abbott returns to the ER. Doug forges papers to allow Joi to treat Ricky at home.
thinking a car back-fire is actually a gunshot, Joey dives and protects Ross from harm.
Doggett has his own problems, having woken up in jail in Mexico suffering from amnesia.
The girl infected by smallpox dies and Pratt embarasses Carter in front of her parents.
Sharon is whisked away to New York and treated to every musical on the Great White Way.
The doctor explains to Mrs Marsh that it can be worse for children when they get older.
Sisko launches the Federation/Klingon/Romulan attack against the Dominion on Cardassia.
Having arrived at the location of the battle, they come across a freighter in distress.
Meanwhile, a Benzite ensign has trouble assimilating to the routines of the Enterprise.
Stardate: Unknown The away team's investigations are hampered by a nosy Samuel Clemens.
Stardate: Unknown Lwaxana Troi pays a visit to Deep Space Nine, and soon falls for Odo.
Unfortunately, Linda Farrell happens to be around to take advantage of his nervousness.
Pratt struggles to find a way to convince a woman with breast cancer to seek treatment.
Sydney and Gage go undercover as bikers to expose an illegal methanphetamine operation.
Meanwhile, Colonel Potter discovers that his son-in-law, Bob Wilson, has had an affair.
Not an easy task since these gangsters know what they're doing in their home territory.
C.J. takes a stand on the assisted suicide because of her father's worsening condition.
The Doctor and Bellal work their way into the Exxilon city, with the Daleks in pursuit.
The Doctor and Jo have discovered the awful truth about the mysterious deaths in Wales.
The Doctor and Vicki encounter the Rills and discover that things are not as they seem.
The Doctor arrives on board SS Pentallian, which is on a collision course with the Sun.
In the meantime, an alien fleet closes in on Karfel, intent on annihilating the planet.
The Earth has been conquered, the Master rules supreme, and the Doctor is his prisoner.
The Enterprise encounters an ancient Earth probe bent on the sterilization of all life.
The boys build a snowman, which comes to life when a magic hat is placed upon its head.
They are being attacked by their own artillery in a frightening friendly fire incident.
Klinger dresses as the Statue of Liberty as the General's jeep drives through the camp.
The crew are on a snowbound planet, when they come across an abandoned research center.
What dark secret does the team leader keep, and will the planet permit anyone to leave?
The personal manager of a 'resting' actor dies just as his client returns to the stage.
A Ukranian politician shows up at the White House drunk demanding to see the president.
Meanwhile, Warrick struggles to clear his name in the recent exotic dancer murder case.
Thirty years ago, Sam Wilson was sent to prison for murdering his boss, Malcolm Jarvis.
Leo tells Josh to apologize for him after embarrassing himself in front of a columnist.
Josh overreacts to posts on the message board of a website devoted to all things Josh .
The case is complicated by leaks to the press and a judge reluctant to issue a warrant.
Two ships have collided above Azure but that may be the least of the Doctor's problems.
Meanwhile, Chakotay suffers from hallucinations related to his holodeck boxing program.
Monica tells Joey that the guys have to be the hosts since they have the big apartment.
When Professor Proton seeks advice from Leonard, Sheldon is hurt and contacts Bill Nye.
Chandler and Monica fight about what to do with Rachel's room and Chandler's furniture.
When Sheldon breaks up with Amy, the guys worry when he starts replacing her with cats.
When Sir Roger threatens to finish their careers because he felt betrayed, he's killed.
While the kids are playing dodgeball in Chef's gym class, Kyle gets a severe nosebleed.
Meanwhile, Gul Dukat's daughter, Ziyal, comes back to the station from school on Bajor.
Xena faces Livia in a final battle that forces her daughter Eve to the surface at last.
however, an eccentric zoo keeper tells him Marcel was stolen and put into show business.
A Wyoming rancher leaves all to a stranger, to the disgust of his disinherited daughter.
A con artist opens a bar with a gambling machine that can alter the laws of probability.
Susan becomes Chief of Emergency Medicine and learns what it's like to be in management.
Weaver and Lopez are an item until Sandy discovers that Weaver has not come out at work.
Chen is overcome with upsetting memories when a baby is abandoned in the emergency room.
Mrs Bing's date is a Broadway producer, and Joey goes way too far trying to impress him.
Grissom and Nick investigate the possible carbon monoxide murder of a woman in her home.
An unpublished manuscript is stolen and its author murdered during an awards convention.
He manages to capture many important moments, and to annoy almost everyone in the house.
Angel goes looking for answers, trying to find out why Cordelia has turned against them.
Buffy must put aside her feelings for her friend and take action before more people die.
Buffy is awake but disoriented and afraid as she must claw her way out of her own grave.
As soon as the A-Team arrives in the Midwest they have to face a gang of horse rustlers.
In the middle of the night, Riley sneaks out and Spike follows him into an old building.
Back in modern-day London, Martha returns to her family, one day after having left them.
Barbara hooks up with Mac to make Frank jealous, which leads to retaliation from Dennis.
Bashir is chosen as the model for Starfleet's next Emergency Medical Holographic Doctor.
Carol continues to meddle in Meg's life, having her arrested so that she can be detoxed.
To narrow down the search, Willow casts a locator spell, and it points straight at Dawn.
Her move from violent L.A. to picturesque Sunnydale seems the perfect way to start over.
After all bright, shiny Sunnydale couldn't possibly mask a violent underbelly, could it?
Butters is sure he's seen a vampire at school, but he can't get anyone to listen to him.
Carla's fiery temper almost costs Sam the bar when she attacks an obnoxious Yankees fan.
Carol clashes with Doyle, angered that a 25-year-old intern is able to order her around.
takes matters into his own hands and once again finds himself in the principal's office.
Stan searches for the real value of a piece of jewelry that was a gift from his Grandpa.
Kyle sees that Cartman isn't the only one who finds no shame in his unhealthy lifestyle.
Chandler and Joey attend a party thrown by one of the other actors on Days of Our Lives.
Having never lived alone, Joey decides to take him up on it, which disheartens Chandler.
Chandler and Monica are a little short on funds, due to Chandler's lack of a paying job.
However, she is soon fired for accepting a gift from the restaurant's new meat supplier.
Joey won't take it, but Chandler invents a game called Cups and lets Joey win the money.
Monica gets corn rows put in her hair to overcome the frizziness caused by the humidity.
Charles has a serious toothache, but hates the thought of having anything done about it.
Meanwhile, the gang tries to find out about Rebecca's college nickname, Backseat Becky .
Coming straight from the perspectives of five people, Donna, Rebecca, Jack, Lou and Ray.
Carol must tell a promiscuous, sexually active 14-year-old that she has cervical cancer.
Since Angel has no memory of this, the gang realizes that there is only one thing to do.
Doug's heroics earn him a second chance as Bernstein and Morgenstern ask him to stay on.
During a convenience store robbery, each of the gang envisions how they would intervene.
Abby also hides Joyce in her apartment while Brian searches for her and causes a ruckus.
England, 1913. A schoolteacher called John Smith dreams of adventures in time and space.
Face doesn't believe they will get their pardon anymore and decides to leave the A-Team.
Fearing he's wasting his time on Penny, Leonard ends up making a connection with Leslie.
Toby is accused of manipulating the stock market by having a friend testify to Commerce.
Fonzie receives a Christmas gift from his father but is reluctant to accept and open it.
After dueling Hercules, Xena teams up with him to stop her former army and slay Darphus.
Bernadette reveals to the girls that her father wants her to make Howard sign a pre-nup.
Watch it while you can, the un-aired Pilot is available exclusively at SouthParkStudios.
Carter almost loses it as he treats a construction worker he thinks is faking an injury.
Sara gets to find out why the body of a woman who was buried last week is in a dumpster.
As the team investigates, they find bones in the sewer system that could only be murder.
Xena relentlessly protects the child, until she realizes the child is evil and must die.
Joey Lucas derails Josh's plans when she arrives at the White House carrying a surprise.
Janeway becomes obsessed with trying to capture Captain Ransom, no matter what the cost.
Jessica heads off to New York to begin teaching and has difficulty finding an apartment.
Joey gets Knicks tickets for himself and Chandler, but Chandler wants to be with Monica.
Eve's extreme response to a rude patient forces Luka to bring in the nursing supervisor.
She is later forced to fire Jeanie, who is then asked by Al to move to Atlanta with him.
Kirk attempts to assist a primitive people that are ruled over by a computer named Vaal.
They try to escape in Starbug, but the ship gets caught in the swamp and begins to sink.
The Doctor and Sarah have returned to a London evacuated by the appearance of dinosaurs.
She has to go to Greenland for the wedding, but doesn't have the money to make the trip.
The Doctor will have his hands full, even before she unleashes her most fearsome weapon,
Gates is given another chance in the ER, and quickly clashes with Kayson on a diagnosis.
Mr Garrison assigns the class to ask Vietnam veterans they know about their experiences.
While the adults are indisposed, the mysterious Mayor Wilkins pays a tribute to a demon.
Morris takes a stand against Weaver regarding the best course of action during a trauma.
Omega is preparing to return to the real universe, no matter what danger it may present.
After Josh rebuffs her request, Donna seeks Sam's advice in how to get out of jury duty.
While wearing it, a vampire is immune to crosses, stakes, and can even walk in daylight.
The adoption agency sends a woman, Laura to evaluate Chandler and Monica and their home.
Then they try to be more like Richard, Joey smokes cigars and Chandler grows a mustache.
It's time for Kerry to return to work and Clemente doesn't know when it's time to leave.
Pratt gets to work in Darfur, but soon finds his eyes opened to the need all around him.
The ceremony is performed and Donald and Hot Lips leave for a week's honeymoon in Tokyo.
Mona gives Ross salt-water taffy, and Ross reveals his knowledge of boring taffy trivia.
Rebecca wants to serve Woody's chili in the poolroom despite Sam's heartfelt objections.
Richie, Fonzie, Potsie, and Ralph receive notices from the army to report for physicals.
Chandler tries to master the art of smoothing slipping someone money during a handshake.
Rachel realizes she's still in love with Ross, and tries to console herself by shopping.
Keaton tells Benton that she won't recommend him for another pediatric surgery rotation.
Sam's goddaughter Joyce Pantusso, the late Coach's niece has come to Boston for a visit.
Season Premiere, Sam and Luka report Alex missing after he runs away to find his father.
He finally marches them to Washington, where he demands sovereignty for the Confederacy.
Southern England, 1981. The Doctor returns to Earth to fix the TARDIS chameleon circuit.
Stan has a new dog, Sparky, voiced by George Clooney, that is different from other dogs.
When his mom takes off with her new interest, Stan is left behind to pick up the pieces.
Stardate: Unknown Riker is accused of murder when a scientist is killed in an explosion.
Using modified technology, an away team follows Data into the late 1890s to investigate.
Because no technology can function on the planet, they have ruled it out of their lives.
Meanwhile, Xena tries to control her hormone-induced temper to win a bet with Gabrielle.
Chloe is found in Urinetown, suffering a broken heart, but Little Susie is not with her.
The CSI team investigates the bizarre death of a man who was killed not once, but twice.
The CSI unit investigates when Frank, an apparent murder victim, sits up and needs help.
The CSIs must investigate when a party girl is injured and killed in a traffic accident.
But who are the strange creatures pursuing them? And why do they want to change history?
The Doctor and his companions are able to overcome the Ice Warriors and return to Earth.
And the Black Guardian will do anything to obtain it and plunge the Universe into chaos.
He is put on trial for his involvement in the universe and his very life is on the line.
The Doctor has once chance to stop them, but he needs Jamie to attack the deadly Quarks,
Jeanie faces a crisis when she's forced to use her hand to stop a patient from bleeding.
The Ice Warriors launch their attack on the base while the glacier continues to advance,
At the same time, traitors within the base sabotage any effort to call for outside help.
This is most harmful to Mr Hankey, who has to live in the sewer when it's not Christmas.
The TARDIS materialises in the year 1986, at Snowcap Tracking Station at the South Pole.
Every minute counts for Cartman as he uses his own interrogation methods on his suspect.
Monica can't wait for Chandler's return, so she opens all the wedding gifts without him.
But what is the connection between Voga, the plague, and some old enemies of the Doctor?
Donna, out of her wheelchair and onto crutches, is besieged by the media for interviews.
The planet Spiridon, the year 2540. The Doctor and Jo arrive on the trail of the Daleks.
The time travellers are forced to break up as the Moroks pursue them through the museum.
Trapped between the Movellans and the Daleks, the Doctor must find a way to defeat both.
Grissom has to find out who did it and he's not getting help from the deaf man's school.
When Hot Lips discovers what has happened, she breaks down and refuses to press charges.
When Leonard returns from the North Sea, he and Sheldon go through an adjustment period.
However, when the culprit is caught, he is shocked to learn who is responsible, and why.
Only by debunking those who claim they can communicate with the dead can Stan save Kyle.
With the idea that everything he believes is a lie, Mulder appears to take his own life.
Once they find out that they're both dating the same woman, the competition gets fierce.
However, problems soon arise for the crew, as a deadly neutrino wave approaches Voyager.
After saving the city from Yodoshi's first strike, Xena is determined to battle Yodoshi.
A live debate episode! This episode will feature a live debate between Santos and Vinick.
A battle of wills ensues between Charles', bad horn playing and Hawkeye's and BJ's aroma.
Later, Grissom comes to the rescue of a coworker who ends up on the other side of the law
Abby treats a young woman kidnapped from her home country and forced into sexual slavery.
When she finds them she hires them, because her co-worker Al Massey is missing in Mexico.
Meanwhile, Charles tries to avoid his responsibilities as the Charity Collection Officer.
Adam enlists Spike to turn the gang against each other, leaving Buffy alone and helpless.
However, since the captain of the boat performed the ceremony, the marriage may be legal.
Years earlier Neil was presumed dead in a boating accident, but his body was never found.
When Stan and Kyle have a major blow up, the very fabric of South Park begins to unravel.
After burning down her house, the guys think Mac's mom should move in with Charlie's mom.
Romano is furious after Anspaugh notifies him he's not allowed to take part in surgeries.
The Vinick camp gears up for backlash while the Santos camp hopes for cause to celebrate.
An alien palaeontologist discovers a common ancestral link between his people and humans.
Carter's grandmother comes in after being involved in a hit-and-run and breaking her hip.
An online troll threatens to have global implications as Cartman professes his innocence.
As a tornado approaches, kidnappers demand $10 million for a buried bus full of children.
Meanwhile, Bernadette plans on renovating the house and Howard is not too happy about it.
Things are going great until Joey gets paired with another child and it gets competitive.
Billy Tyler, a young black sergeant, is brought into camp with a bullet wound in the leg.
in a difficult moment, C.J. reaches out to an old friend by finally returning Ben's call.
Captain Janeway starts seeing characters and objects from her holo-novel around the ship.
Carol takes an interest in an ailing police sergeant who's hiding a degenerative ailment.
Jerry hits on a way to make money from a sperm bank, pass himself off as Doctor Markovic.
Various weird patients arrive at the ER following a beam collapse at a sci-fi convention.
Cartman and Jimmy come up with the funniest joke of all time and it takes off everywhere.
Meanwhile, Randy's been keeping a huge secret and the pressure is more than he can stand.
Meanwhile, Cartman's lucrative new business preys upon an extremely vulnerable clientele.
Catherine, Nick, and Sara investigate a seemingly months old body found in the mountains.
Chakotay must convince Janeway and the other crew members of their past lives on Voyager.
Cliff finds a reasonably priced older home for Carla to buy that turns out to be haunted.
Carol and Lynette try to keep a wounded gang-banger from leaving and seeking retaliation.
Earth, 1964. An accident on landing vastly reduces the TARDIS and the travellers in size.
Eve Simpson is at a loss to explain how the body of Fred Keppard ended up in her bedroom.
When they arrive in Ecuador they learn that the entire village was captured by gangsters.
Meanwhile, Howard is upset about Joanie's choice of attire for a wedding she's attending.
After the convict, Jim, sees K. C. perform a song at Arnold's, she invites him to dinner.
Four female inmates escape from a prison bus, with two of them returning to bank robbery.
For the next 30 days, SPS.com will feature the version of that episode you've never seen.
Instead, she enlists the help of some old friends but it doesn't go the way she expected.
Henry plans to send him to the orphanage, and the camp enjoys his company while they can.
Howard is caught in an argument between Bernadette and his mom, even while he's in space.
Jed and the staff wrestle with the issues of presidential pardons and mandatory minimums.
The cows relocate the statue but the town thinks that their two tourists are responsible.
The staff nervously awaits news on the hospital's future when it's rumored to be closing.
Toby and Charlie prepare a reluctant Jed for throwing out the first ball at Camden Yards.
He finds out, however, that he'd have to sleep with the casting director to get the part.
she arranges to see the on-call doctor, who turns out to be very cute, and Richard's son.
Later, while Rachel opens her presents, Chandler lets slip that Ross is in love with her.
Rachel's pre-surgery nose, Monica's large stature, and Ross' Mr Kotter look are featured.
Mrs Green offers to live with Rachel and Ross for a couple months, to help with the baby.
When they get back to the 4077 Frank asked the general for an officers club for the camp.
Potter asks for it to stop, and Hawkeye and B.J. put a local junk dealer out of business.
Kovac defies the rules to get a dying Croatian boy to Chicago in a race to save his life.
When Pratt is witnessed bringing a gun into the ER, Carter feels compelled to defend him.
They get the heads but when they return to Starbug it has been looted and Kryten is gone.
When the sub comes under attack, Angel saves Lawson's life by turning him into a vampire.
Leonard and Raj take Wolowitz to Las Vegas to help him get over his break-up with Leslie.
Lori Beth asks Fonzie to be her coach in a new birthing method called natural childbirth.
Abby move's out of Luka's apartment and accidentally breaks his fish tank on the way out.
She turns out to be Julie Graff, whom Chandler dumped when he was 15 because she got fat.
After watching Die Hard, Ross and Joey fall asleep on the couch and have a very good nap.
The rest of the class ends up being hypnotized and wanting to go back to the Planetarium.
Murdock's fortunes rise and fall as he uses Face's system to win big on Wheel of Fortune.
Pratt and Sam treat a father who shows signs of having been physically abused by his son.
Stan decided to go to Doctor Mephesto for hormones, in order to speed up his development.
Kochanski tries to jump across and misses the other side, falling into a deep black void.
One thing he cannot do is say no to a superior officer and this event ultimately happens.
Luka treats another pregnant teenager, who wants the comfort that a child will bring her.
Joey introduces Rachel to his Days of Our Lives co-star, Kash, and they go out on a date.
A prisoner is brought to the ER with what everyone thinks is a fake case of appendicitis.
Proving a burnt Mark Twain manuscript is a fake is the reason for a book expert's murder.
Quark discovers that his mother, Ishka, is having a love affair with the Grand Nagus Zek.
the animal-catcher turns out to be Luisa, who went to high-school with Monica and Rachel.
Rachel likes living with Ross, except for all the documentaries on the Discovery Channel.
In an effort to prove he's ready for the next step, he gives Mona a key to his apartment.
Meanwhile, the guys put their heads together to try to re-open Stuart's comic book store.
Richie is uneasy about this but reconsiders when a cheerleader he's interested in enters.
But Rimmer can't bring himself to save Howard until he's on an equal footing career-wise.
Sam tries to dodge his bar duties so he can fill in for a friend as a sports broadcaster.
A live debate episode! This episode will feature a live debate between Santos and Vinick.
Sheldon is aghast to learn the new chair in Penny's apartment was someone else's garbage.
Sisko faces thousands of Dominion warships alone in an attempt to regain Deep Space Nine.
As punishment, humanity is to be destroyed not by the Q continuum, but by Picard himself.
If he is successful in his mission, he will be reinstated into the Cardassian Government.
Doyle calls the cops on a pregnant woman who is drunk and trying to kill her unborn baby.
Terror lurks in the cornfields of Provence, but only a sad and lonely painter can see it.
The 4077th, caught up in tension and nerves, creates a bonfire to release their pressure.
The CSIs investigate a man's claim that his wife fell down a set of stairs in their home.
The CSIs investigate a medical mystery that involves dumping organs in a wildlife refuge.
The Doctor and Peri have been rescued from the firing squad by the mysterious Sharaz Jek.
However, he soon discovers that a mummy is aboard, picking off the passengers one by one.
The Doctor, Sarah and Harry must defeat the Wirrn to save the human race from extinction.
Josh must work the polling center with Joey Lucas, but a power outage delays the results.
The adults are concerned for Cartman's health, so they arrange for him to go to fat camp.
Cartman's uncle Howard has to join the family dinner via satellite since he is in prison.
With The Inquisitor's influence on the time-stream missing, everything returns to normal.
But can his mind remain stable? And how can he stop a being of Mestor's incredible power?
The crew is elated when they believe they might be able to transport to the Romulan ship.
The gang decides to spend a rainy day playing a twisted board game of their own creation.
She comes on really strong but it turns out to be an elaborate scheme to get back at him.
Carol's decision to send Doug a fax about her pregnancy is thwarted by the power outages.
The resistance continues to build and launch counterattacks against the alien controller.
to the exact date that the newest video game console, the Nintendo Wii is being released.
There's monkey business in the ER as Clemente, Abby and Neela treat an infant chimpanzee.
They let Kyle bring Kenny along, as long as Kenny pretends to be Jewish while he's there.
He has made a tape of the events that ended with his murder and we see the events unfold.
Wanting to go out with the guys, Sheldon foolishly pays Stuart to spend the day with Amy.
Greene is back to work, but mixing up his pronouns, referring to a male patient as a she.
Howard has an unusual emotional reaction as a result of his relationship with his mother.
So, Cartman takes it upon himself to find out who it is so the kids can make fun of them.
CJ mangles physicists by referring to them as psychics as Josh listens from his sick bed.
While Walker and Alex vacation, Gage and Sydney go undercover to find his missing sister.
After much tension in the camp the bandages come off, and happily, Hawkeye can see again.
While the boys are in shop class, they decide to get Tweek and Craig to fight each other.
Can Xena master the power in time to save her friends and stop the green dragon's armies?
Yearning for a normal life, Buffy agrees to a date with the mysterious and brooding Owen.
Also, Ecklie summons Grissom to refute the testimony of an entomologist in a murder trial.
A Greek Colonel thanks the 4077th by giving them food and drink for an Easter celebration.
he okays a man's organs for transplant without getting proper consent from the man's wife.
A documentary camera crew follows C.J. around for a not-so-typical day in the White House.
Peter is denied a recommendation from Keaton one last time before she leaves for Pakistan.
A media tycoon may have been killed by a literary agent who seems as substantial as smoke.
A serial killer taunts C.D. as he prepares for induction to the Texas Ranger Hall of Fame.
In the store, Grissom finds a bathroom stall door that claims five women have been killed.
Once he arrives, he finds Mulder has taken it upon himself to start his own investigation.
After an aborted girls' trip to Vegas, they are all playing Dungeons and Dragons together.
Raj leaves after he finds that Lucy is free and he pushes her to do things that scare her.
Armed with her secret weapon, Faith confronts Buffy in a climatic slayer-on-slayer battle.
After playing in a boat, Stan and Cartman accidentally flood the nearby town of Beaverton.
Peter treats Doctor Parks' grandchild, who interprets for her deaf mother and grandmother.
An abused lady nearly quits becoming a Texas Ranger following threats from her ex-husband.
Arriving on the techno-Ruritanian world of Tara, Romana easily obtains the Fourth Segment.
As a joke, Sheldon and Penny try an experiment designed to make participants fall in love.
Also, Leonard, Amy, Raj and Emily spend the evening trying to escape a room with a zombie.
Blake puts both Hawk and Trap on double post-op duty until he finds replacements for Majs.
That night, Hawkeye and Trapper pretend they have found gold, letting Frank overhear them.
Pratt's early morning trip to the barbershop results in a new awareness of community need.
Bartlet has the duty of formally welcoming newly appointed ambassadors from other nations.
Benton is granted custody of Reese and he and Cleo decide to move to the suburbs together.
Abby fills in as Carter's date for a Carter family function and sees her ex-husband there.
Buffy investigates, and soon comes to believe that Cassie is psychic rather than suicidal.
Carla goes on a maternity leave and is replaced by her supposedly shy and innocent sister.
Cartman wins a national essay contest and he doesn't even remember what he wrote it about.
Lynch stakes out a Wild West show that has been terrorized by a group of A-Team impostors.
But Flagg comes down with appendicitis, and the only penicillin he gets is in the keister.
Meanwhile, Klinger plays the part of a voodoo practitioner to try and get out of the army.
Colonel Potter meets a female soldier of the same age and interests as himself, named Lil.
Columbo investigates, thinking his nephew may have made a few enemies on the police force.
A TV reporter elicits bitter and sweet memories from the staff, filmed in black and white.
They, along with Fonzie, try to make Eugene appeal to Jenny by making him seem more manly.
Dennis, Frank, and Dee find unique ways of coping with the apparent loss of their friends.
Eventually, Buffy comes to the only logical conclusion, Kathy is evil, and must be killed.
Drug gangs recruit middle-schoolers, resulting in a turf war that puts students in danger.
Ezri and Worf are taken aboard a Jem'Hadar ship where the Dominion/Breen treaty is signed.
Fonzie gets a dog, and she escapes when Ralph and Potsie accidentally leave the gate open.
For her first ever trip in the TARDIS, the Doctor takes Martha to 1599 Elizabethan London.
The rest of the 4077th coronates Hawk while Frank and Hot Lips complain to General Barker.
General 'Iron Guts' Kelly arrives for an inspection, and ends up dying in Margaret's tent.
Carol and Luka spend a day on the town shopping for a used car, and are drawn into a kiss.
They discover that the key to solving the case may be a co-worker who suffers from autism.
The gang discover that the Troika have been watching their every move with hidden cameras.
Margaret's plan to redecorate Leo's former office meets with resistance from her new boss.
Hoynes and Bartlet each make an unexpected announcement about Hoynes' place on the ticket.
It's summer in South Park, but with Colorado's new ban on fireworks, nobody is having fun.
Later, Sam and Janet talk and realize their relationship won't work, so they break it off.
a poster is found for a missing cat, but no one has the heart to tell Phoebe, except Ross.
Phoebe dates the noisy guy from upstairs, who seems to charm himself out of any situation.
The only one available is for identical twins, but it pays so much that Joey can't resist.
Chandler and Monica plan to celebrate Valentines day, late by making gifts for each other.
Kirk pits the Enterprise against an invisible spaceship testing the Federation's defenses.
Lilith and Frasier practice their parenting skills on Carla's precocious six-year-old son.
Lister takes a break from Rimmer's supremely boring inventory checks and goes for a drink.
Margaret is interrogated at a hearing held by the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence.
He also meets with his ex-wife, tells Weaver to live a little and leaves, never to return.
Morgenstern is admitted to the hospital after breaking a leg at a Scottish family reunion.
It didn't go very well, so later Ross was practicing the story in front of a video camera.
He choses advertising, and Monica arranges a meeting with a friend, Steve in the business.
At first they are very upset that it happened, but eventually they decide to try it again.
Years ago the doctor was involved in the euthanasia of a young girl on the verge of death.
Murder, plagiarism, and blackmail stalk those around Jessica on her promotional book tour.
Norm is promoted to company hatchet man and develops a unique style for letting people go.
Otherworldly forces are haunting Ike, who's so freaked out that the stress could kill him.
He rushes after Kochanski to get the in-vetro tube back before she returns to her reality.
Over Jessica's protests, she is taken to a hospital after a minor accident in the airport.
This won't last long as the engineers are planning to restore him to his factory settings.
after she gives a restaurant a scathing review, they offer her a job as the new head chef.
When Donald arrives in camp for the wedding, a bridal shower and bachelor party are given.
Joey still can't leave the set, so Rachel finds another minister, a Greek Orthodox Priest.
Rachel and Ross go to a judge to get their annulment, but they air too much dirty laundry.
His boss gets suspicious, so Chandler says he's cancelling because he and Monica broke up.
Meanwhile, Marion practices for her upcomming role as the witch in a Hansel & Gretel play.
Rebecca quickly forgets about Sam after she agrees to go to California with Robin Colcord.
Rich people are moving to South Park in droves and the townspeople decide to take a stand.
Richie is chosen the 1961 Delta Gamma King and acts like a jerk after receiving the honor.
Upon discovering that they are actually in a broken VR simulation, they attempt to escape.
Monica tries in vain to give a toast that will hit everyone emotionally and make them cry.
Mike mistakenly kills the rat, and Phoebe feels they are responsible to raise the orphans.
Rachel returns the ring to Barry, who is much less upset about the break-up than expected.
She decides to stay, but Ross realizes how important Paris is to her, and tells her to go.
Santos engineers a plot to get a stalled stem-cell bill scheduled for a vote in the House.
Weaver returns from an impromptu vacation, worried that Romano has outed her to the staff.
Benton deals with Cleo's meds and Jackie's problems adjusting to life after Jesse's death.
Sheldon faces a crisis of conscience after breaking a Star Trek toy given to him by Penny.
Sheldon finds himself in hot water when he doesn't appreciate Amy's recent accomplishment.
The other guys can't resist the allure of the latest collectable card game expansion pack.
Sheldon goes through a hard time because of the attention of his newly discovered element.
Sheldon is miffed that Leonard plans to attend a party hosted by his nemesis, Wil Wheaton.
Stan wants to raise awareness about the dangers of bullying by shooting a big dance video.
Picard must recreate the recent events in the holodeck to prove his commander's innocence.
Holding the crew hostage, he removes the Dax symbiont from Jadzia to implant into himself.
The Doctor and Leela attend Li H'Sen Chang's performance, hoping to confront the magician.
Meanwhile, leader Clent cannot decide whether to risk using the full power of the ionizer,
The Doctor makes his final stand as the Cybermen invade a solar farm looking for converts.
Meanwhile, the Thals are searching for a way to find and destroy a massive army of Daleks.
The Doctor persuaded Hart to move against the Master while Trenchard is beset with doubts.
The ER hosts roughly a dozen pregnant women when a sprinkler bursts in the maternity ward.
C.J. rises to the bait, appears on the Taylor Reid Show, and gives him a verbal beat-down.
The TARDIS crew are surrounded by giant insect, murderous businessmen and a deadly poison.
Forty years after their adventure with Professor Travers, the Yeti are marching on London,
However, they soon face a new threat from a violent species of hunters called the Hirogen.
They ask the nun if the mentally handicapped go to Hell, but she has to refer to the Pope.
Luckily, an automatic door opens, releasing the bazookoid balls that were chasing the cat.
The girl's name is Tina, and Angel learns that she is being stalked by a powerful vampire.
The new state law in Colorado says it's ok to smoke marijuana if you have a doctor's note.
Dawn and Buffy, together with some of Dawn's new friends join together to defeat the evil.
Charlie ponders the mystery of a strangely out of context letter written to the President.
The town has lost its Christmas spirit and the boys want to do something to bring it back.
Clemente puts the residents through their paces, alienating Pratt and infuriating the R2s.
Lister gets very edgy and confesses that he had committed some minor crimes as a teenager.
The A-Team has seen too many friends turn into alcoholics, they agree to help immediately.
Catherine and Nick investigate an apparent mob hit that leaves five dead in a coffee shop.
Unable to handle the idea of Ross and Jill together, Rachel asks Ross to stop seeing Jill.
Abbey learns her past malpractice suits might compromise Bartlet's criminal investigation.
When one of Cordelia's visions shows a young family in trouble, Angel goes to investigate.
Bartlet's mind is preoccupied with a small time school election because of an old rivalry.
With Spike missing, the gang try to regroup and clear the damage done to the Summers home.
Catherine looks into the collapse of a city owned residence that kills three elderly women.
A film maker kills one of his clients in a break during the screening of a new ad campaign.
A geologist coworker's MacArthur Genius fellowship award leaves Sheldon stone cold jealous.
The next morning, the crew wake up with hangovers and Kryten decides that he wants to stay.
Back in his own body Lister gives Kryten the third degree, whose guilt chip is in overload.
A sex therapist catches her boyfriend with another woman when he thinks she is out of town.
Corday undergoes a grueling deposition for Mr Patterson's lawsuit and lies to save herself.
later, Hawkeye and BJ will discover that Margaret has already encountered marital troubles.
The other boys think he's become a major buzz-kill and start to avoid hanging out with him.
The catch, Henry has an antique oak desk, which they must trade in order to get some of it.
After ridiculing Notre Dame, C.J. is forced to accompany the President on a trip to Oregon.
After taking a look at a B+ Potsie got on an exam, Fonzie decides to drop back into school.
Alex's estranged father is hired to represent a crime figure in a trial she is prosecuting.
Years after first applying, Greene is contacted by NASA as a potential astronaut candidate.
Meanwhile, the enlisted men compete in a Soldier of the Month contest to receive extra R&R.
Unfortunately, the corrosive material is also on board and begins to eat away at Red Dwarf.
When that fails, the Mayor summons a powerful demon to remove Angel's soul with dark magic.
Warrick looks into an apparent professional hit in the glass elevator of one of the hotels.
Barry Kripke pranks Sheldon during his spot on NPR, leaving him with a taste for vengeance.
Ben's first big kid's bike prompts Phoebe to reveal that she's never had a bike of her own.
Greene treats beauty pageant contestants and is also enlisted by Malucci for a hockey game.
Meanwhile, the Geek Trio have built an invisibility ray and accidentally hit Buffy with it.
After a brief hunt, they kill the demon, but its blood is having a strange effect on Angel.
He takes the wheel of a jeep to drive to Kimpo himself, but crashes and ends up in plaster.
Carter and Benton struggle to deal with Gant's death as speculation continues on the cause.
Cartman becomes the voice of change at school when he takes over the morning announcements.
The other boys need Cartman for ballast in their sled race, so they try to help him escape.
Mr Heckles complains again about the noise, it's disturbing his birds, he could have birds.
Confronted with the truth at such an inconvenient time, Ross can't deal with it and leaves.
Chef has a new woman enter his life, and he no longer has much time to spend with the boys.
Richie is interested in more than just studying and makes several attempts to win her over.
Lord Marbury explains to Toby why a member of the IRA cannot be invited to the White House.
Luka witnesses a hit-and-run accident and rushes the victim to the ER in a plumber's truck.
Doctor Morgenstern makes his return to the ER, with a new outlook on life and his patients.
Carla and Benton argue over whether or not Reese should be circumcised, among other things.
Dateless for an upcomming concert, Jenny is set up with Eugene Belvin by Joanie and Chachi.
Elsewhere, Mac and Frank get sucked into a VR war game, leading Mac to develop a case PTSD.
Carter and Lucy discover a mutual attraction, and the word spreads throughout the hospital.
Doctor Borelli visits camp on Hawkeye's invitation and gets an up-close look at the action.
Former members of the Maquis fall victim to a spate of mysterious attacks on board Voyager.
Chandler is nervous about being intimate with Kathy since she used to be Joey's girlfriend.
He struggles with the war he sees every day, while she is searching for her life's purpose.
Doug decides to resign and leave Chicago for the Northwest and asks Carol to come with him.
Grissom and Catherine investigate the apparent violent death of a woman found in a sandbox.
Meanwhile, Nick and Catherine take on a case with little more than angora fibers to follow.
Catherine, Warrick and Nick investigate the deaths of a hunter and his prey, a Kodiak bear.
Howard is jealous and upset when Marion's high-school boyfriend, Frederick, comes to visit.
Howard secures a gig for Richie, Potsie, Ralph, and Bag to play at the Leopard Lodge dance.
Meanwhile, Kyle finds a dangerous ally when trust issues threaten his friendship with Stan.
Introducing new traveller Martha Jones to the picture as she meets a mysterious John Smith.
Jessica is quite upset, as Bundy's magazine is known for it's racy pictures of young women.
Howard initially forbids her to smoke but, eventually, allows her to make her own decision.
Joey gets carried away with a mailbox project and ends up building an entertainment center.
Joey is auditioning for a play and need to speak French, so he enlists Phoebe to teach him.
In her vulnerable state, she asks Ross to spend the night and makes her desires very clear.
Ugly Naked Guy has Thanksgiving dinner with Ugly Naked Gal, and there's Ugly Naked Dancing.
Kate is forced to enroll in sensitivity awareness training with her fellow police officers.
Then the goat eats the 4077th's $22,340 payroll, leaving paymaster Hawkeye holding the bag.
Able heads out in a pod and destroys the simulant ship, sacrificing himself in the process.
Last week, in an attempt to make his wait for the Wii instantaneous, Cartman froze himself.
C.J. works with the State Department on getting U.N. and NATO approval of the peace accord.
after two years, Stewart moves out of Howard and Bernadette's house into his own apartment.
The winner has their dream come true, and Marion hopes she can win the money for Lori Beth.
After Weaver puts in a good word for her, Jeanie receives baby Carlos on a temporary basis.
The adoption agency thinks it's wonderful that they had a child write their recommendation.
Monica announces there will be no turkey for Thanksgiving because not enough people eat it.
Mork returns to 1950s Milwaukee to learn about relationships in this retrospective episode.
Meanwhile, Scully faces deeply emotional feelings about the child she gave up for adoption.
But an advanced city nearby will keep anyone from leaving with the precious parrinium^aEUR|
Weaver continues to display erratic behavior, raising staff suspicions about her menopause.
Monica laughs, which prompts on-going efforts by Chandler to prove he's boyfriend material.
Not everyone is thus inclined though, and many people believe it's just a random dead body.
Susan works at getting multiple grants for the ER in order to better her chances at tenure.
Joey kidnaps the star so he can leave the set, and barely makes it to the ceremony in time.
During a going away party for Rachel, she says individual goodbyes to everyone except Ross.
Once there, she intercepts a phone call from Ross's lawyer revealing they're still married.
Rachel watches Ben while Ross has a meeting, and she teaches him all about practical jokes.
Chandler and Monica try to find a minister for their wedding, but don't like their options.
Rachel's lunch interview with Gucci turns out to be right next to her current boss's table.
Radar goes off in the middle of the night for the latrine, and does not immediately return.
However, things change when the Dukes steal Potsie's bike, and Richie tries to get it back.
Richie is put in an awkward situation when he is set up with a girl much taller than he is.
Not wanting to stay in their hotel room all night, they decide to sneak out and see a show.
Also, Jenny, K. C., Bobby, and Melvin are in charge of decorations for the Winter Carnival.
The party gets underway, but drags on because Emma is napping and Rachel won't wake her up.
Ross and Rachel wake up in bed together, remembering almost nothing about the night before.
Later, the doctor calls and tells Chandler that he and Monica both have fertility problems.
Chandler pretends he's still in love with her so she'll think it's a mistake to move there.
When she becomes engaged to Reggie, Jeanie decides she wants to adopt an HIV-positive baby.
Meanwhile, registering for their wedding shows Alex a part of Walker she'd not seen before.
Gates works on a young teen suffering from alcohol poisoning after playing a drinking game.
Meanwhile, Leonard and Penny argue about money, and go to Howard and Bernadette for advice.
Sheldon is overexuberant that Leonard finally has a girlfriend matching his high standards.
Sheldon wants to use an alternate version of rock-paper-scissors to help resolve conflicts.
Now nobody can watch the show anymore, and the parents organize a movement to end the show.
Now Picard must discover how he will destroy humanity, and how, or if, he can stop himself.
It soon becomes apparent that the local brew really brings out the wild side of the Slayer.
Susan receives a message from her niece on her answering machine, saying that Chloe's sick.
Officers Boscorelli and Yokas are assigned to chaperone Susan in the search for her sister.
The Booktastic bus is in town and soon everyone finds out that Officer Barbrady can't read.
The Daleks and the guerilla opposition fight for control of the Doctor and Earth's history.
The Doctor and Jaeger race to repair the damage done to Solos by the ionization experiment.
he escaped long ago and used his powers to cause the Time Lords to forget about his prison.
The Doctor finally has a chance to unmask the Master's conspiracy to set the Galaxy at war.
But the Master is not defeated and sets a plan in motion that could destroy the Time Lords.
As the Time Lord faces the Lonely Assassins, last seen in Blink, River Song is by his side.
The Doctor ventures off into space and time in an effort to shake the Daleks off his trail.
The Doctor, Tegan and Turlough are on a strange space ship racing through the Solar System.
The Doctor, now a prisoner of the sea devils, tries to make peace between them and mankind.
Donna lies when she appears before the Congressional committee investigating the President.
Sam tries to find the logic in a Congressman's proposed legislation to eliminate the penny.
Perhaps their only hope is the revolution that Vicki has launched against the Morok rulers.
The White House is locked down after a gunman on the street fires shots into the West Wing.
The boys are all ready to dress up as their favorite foursome, the Avengers, for Halloween.
In an effort to stop this injustice, they go off to find Steven Spielberg and George Lucas.
Rimmer objects to Kryten being in charge but is ignored by the others and goes off to sulk.
Meanwhile, Sheldon frets over having forgotten a paper he wants to present to George Smoot.
Bettina wants to take her relationship with Pratt to the next level, but Pratt is hesitant.
Speculation runs rampant when a torrid novella, author unknown, is found at the admit desk.
After Mr Mackey forces him to confront his problems, Mr Garrison reunites with his parents.
This is the first episode in a series that follows each boy individually on the same night.
This is the third episode in a series that follows each boy individually on the same night.
Ecklie is called into duty for a man found dead in his car and his body later goes missing.
Two critics take opposite views of a play based on one of Jessica's novels, Mainely Murder.
Viveca Scott, the founder of Beauty Mark Cosmetics, is threatened by her rival, David Lang.
Walker soul searches after he nearly causes a young boy's death during a hostage situation.
Pratt also keeps a wary eye on his mentally challenged brother Leon as he starts a new job.
However, unbeknownst to the Voyager crew, the Prometheus has been commandeered by Romulans.
While attending the funeral of Chief Six Feathers, Walker learns his death was no accident.
Ross and Joey both meet and begin dating a pretty woman who is moving into the neigborhood.
The boys are forced to join by Mr Mackey as a punishment for their unruly behavior in class.
In Costa Rica, they leave the comfort of the capital to take a tour of a nearby rain forest.
A depressed Carter has difficulty coping in the wake of Kem's decision to leave the country.
They try and fight off the Hudzen 10 so Kryten will not have to leave, but he is too strong.
A record producer hears a demonstration tape of Joanie and Chachi and is eager to sign them.
She is sweet, pretty, and strong enough to throw Spike through a window when he hits on her.
A suicidal Q threatens the future of the Q-Continuum when he requests asylum aboard Voyager.
A woman who was pulled over by police is found murdered two miles up the road from the stop.
Additional plotline on the DVD release, Rachel experiments with eating in restaurants alone.
Meanwhile, Faith, as Buffy, has full access to Buffy's life, her friends, and her boyfriend.
Rebecca thinks it is a date and is thrilled to bits, but is in for a shock when she arrives.
After discovering Dennis' erotic memoir, Mac and Frank attempt to make some money off of it.
After the 'accidental' death of a tycoon, his associates battle for position to succeed him.
After the engagement party for the offspring of two estranged comics, someone is found dead.
After the entire gang was abused by a sick Sheldon, they plan a weekend getaway without him.
After watching for a comet on the roof of their building, the gang goes their separate ways.
Al is to receive a man-of-the-year award from the Sons of Italy, but he doesn't have a date.
Al tells Chachi about his dull, mundane life, so Chachi suggests that he ask his mother out.
When he asks for songwriting credit, the record company sues him for copyright infringement.
An old man joins Walker in the pursuit of those who shot his daughter during a bank robbery.
His first stop is the demon Skip, who has been so involved with the changes in Cordy's life.
No stranger to losing control, Angel takes her in and tries to help her deal with her gifts.
He has no idea that his sleep has been fitful because of the influence of a daytime visitor.
Arnold's fiance calls the wedding off when she thinks she'd be holding back Arnold's career.
They vow that retaliation toward the kids at South Park Elementary will be swift and brutal.
They go back aboard the ship and Holly says she thinks she has the computer all figured out.
it becomes so popular that she can't keep up with the mob waiting outside her door for more.
Penny's car breaks down and she is afraid she will have to return to The Cheesecake Factory.
Butters lives in a virtual reality that causes him to wreak havoc at home and all over town.
Rachel's mother comes to visit, then announces she's thinking about leaving Rachel's father.
When a serial killer comes to South Park, Cartman will use his gift to find him, or will he?
Grissom and Nick investigate when a female skeleton is found under a house buried in cement.
Chachi accidentally sets Arnold's on fire, and Fonzie, Potsie, and Ralph are trapped inside.
Chachi tells Fonzie that his motorcycle has seen better days, but Fonzie refuses to junk it.
Joey finds out his dad has been having an affair with Ronni, a pet mortician, for six years.
Ross has trouble controlling his monkey, Marcel, who switches Monica's TV into Spanish mode.
Rachel buys equipment to baby-proof the apartment, but has to hire a handyman to install it.
He's very upset about it, until she returns his childhood home-made comic book, Science Boy.
Neela becomes upset when Banfield questions her authority and skills in front of her intern.
Dee dates a male stripper and tries to prove her worth after learning she's his rock bottom.
Also, an old customer insists he must see the former owner to discuss his personal problems.
Later in the day, however, Mark shows Elizabeth their spacious new digs and proposes to her.
But the Curse of Fenric is already returning as horrific creatures emerge from Maiden's Bay,
Nick and Sara investigate a woman's body found floating in the lake with a blow to the head.
Fonzie finds himself playing the role of parent when his young cousin, Spike, comes to stay.
Is this some natural event in the lifecycle of the Slayer, or is it something more sinister?
Tuvok is placed in charge of the investigations, and soon makes some remarkable discoveries.
Meanwhile, Cheers is hosting a family reunion, and Cliff and Norm are hired to videotape it.
Greene deals with his father's worsening condition and his desire to be placed in a hospice.
Grissom and his team investigate when an actress is killed on the set of a horror porn film.
Sofia Curtis, Louise Lombard joins him in his research, she normally works in the day-shift.
Grissom, Sara, and Greg investigate a wildfire that killed one man and badly burned a woman.
Illegal activity at City Wok becomes a distraction that's impossible for the boys to ignore.
Things get complicated when Kenny is brought back to life but resides in a vegetative state.
They ask him to help protect their pregnant friend, who will give birth to their Lord's son.
She confronts him and he decides to quit, after which Monica notices he's no longer any fun.
Joey gets nominated for a Soapie award for his return as Drake Ramoray in Days of Our Lives.
He loses, but he steals a trophy from one of his costars, Jessica who doesn't appreciate it.
Josh gets unsettling news about Ryan's new job and the lessons Ryan learned working for him.
Doug is stunned by a collect phone call from California informing him of his father's death.
Leonard buys a dining room table which causes Sheldon to reevaluate the changes in his life.
Leonard helps Penny get an appointment with a psychiatrist in order to help her make a sale.
What she doesn't know is that he is trying to gain control of the heroin industry in Dallas.
The GELF turns into her true form at Kryten's request which is a huge green gelatinous blob.
Luka and Gates finds themselves at moral odds when treating a woman suffering liver failure.
Sam angers Mallory when she reads a position paper that he wrote supporting school vouchers.
Monica and Chandler ask Rachel to write a letter of recommendation to their adoption agency.
Luka arrives at County and Gillian gives Abby her letter from Carter, in which he dumps her.
Norm becomes a permanent house guest when he injures his back while painting at the Cranes'.
On the volcanic planet of Sarn, Turlough finds the remains of a colony from his home planet.
Corday endures a particularly long surgery just to prove that she can despite her pregnancy.
Joey gets homesick, until he finds a cute bridesmaid, Felicity who wants to know him better.
she slips in while Joey makes out with Felicity, but decides not to tell Ross how she feels.
Phoebe finds a picture of her parents with their friend, also named Phoebe and looks her up.
this sparks some rivalry between Joey and Chandler, who each want the baby named after them.
But Monica's pleasure sounds are too much like sex noises, which makes Phoebe uncomfortable.
Rachel has sex dreams, first about Chandler, then Chandler and Joey, and finally about Ross.
Rachel's dad accosts Ross while he's on his date with Mona, almost causing Ross to lose her.
Hawkeye explodes and is then yelled at by Major Houlihan, Colonel Potter and Father Mulcahy.
Sam and the gang make up an answer to Carla's ad in the personal column to lift her spirits.
He later rescinds the report after finding out that he received the surgical sub-internship.
Seeing Penny with another guy sends Leonard back to Leslie Winkle, much to Sheldon's dismay.
Sheldon hosts a visiting female physicist, but her intelligence seems matched by her libido.
Since Xena must be dead to fight Yodoshi, she allows a samurai and his warriors to kill her.
Some muscle men make a big mistake when they try to force B.A.'s momma out of her apartment.
South Park holds a Civil War re-enactment, and the boys are cast as the fife-and-drum corps.
Spike goes to comfort the displaced Buffy while Faith tries to rally the troops into action.
Sporting a large scar on his head, Pratt is back at work, but ends up being sent home early.
One of the negotiators, Devinoni Ral, becomes attracted to Deanna Troi, but he has a secret.
Meanwhile the real Picard must deal with three other prisoners in a series of bizarre tests.
Stardate: Unknown An energy beam supresses the memories of everyone on board the Enterprise.
The A-Team helps a southern minister stop the manufacture of lethal moonshine in his parish.
A strange seed-pod is unearthed from million-year-old ice and infects one of the base staff.
The Doctor must make sure that the powerful device falls into the hands of the right Daleks,
The Doctor and the Shadow have their final confrontation to take control of the Key to Time.
The Doctor is taken to Telos, where his TARDIS will be put into the service of the cybermen.
The Doctor takes Clara to see the rings of the planet Akhaten and the Festival of Offerings.
It isn't long before they are caught between escaping aristocrats and blood-thirty soldiers.
First, Dodo and Steven must compete against the clowns Clara and Joey in an obstacle course.
The ER docs tend to three teenagers who were in an accident on the way to their senior prom.
Benton tries to bring a hopeless patient back from the brink of death in a marathon surgery.
Hawkeye does heart massage on a soldier, which saves his life, but he dies four hours later.
The crew are flying along in Starbug when th ship suddenly fails to respond to the controls.
Deciding that their lives are wretched and unacceptable, they each decide to commit suicide.
She is prepared to win at any cost, even if it means turning loose devastation on the Earth,
At the party, he confesses to Abby that he misses her before an oblivious Carter interrupts.
Meanwhile, Donna lobbies new legislation introducing ergonomic standards in the White House.
The staff celebrates election night and encourages Sam to run for the seat in Orange County.
Toby continues to worry about how Andrea's pregnancy will play politically for both of them.
Corday discovers that her mother will be coming to town and then decides to pay her a visit.
This is the second episode in a series that follows each boy individually on the same night.
Meanwhile, Fonzie's cousin, Angie, is in town for a visit and proves to be extremely clumsy.
Walker helps a ten-year-old severely wounded in a drive-by to end violence in her community.
Meanwhile, Gage goes undercover to bust the dealers of a designer drug called white buffalo.
When Cartman's mom realizes she can't control her son anymore, she gets help from an expert.
After the players are separated, he is found dead, with a deep, bloody gash across his neck.
However, the Sikaran's Canon of Laws forbids them from sharing their technology with anyone.
While attempting to help a small boy trapped underground, Walker finds himself buried alive.
Buffy, the Scoobies, and the Potentials go to take up the challenge with disastrous results.
The new teacher is Miss Choksondik, a woman who actually seems intent on teaching the class.
A cab driver seems to run over a boy and is then beaten to death by a mob for racial reasons.
One of the detectives eventually steps in as a hostage negotiator, putting himself in danger.
A troubled teen endangers everybody at Ranger Camp by stealing a money bag from drug dealers.
It's not long before Robbins determines that the woman is, genetically speaking, not a woman.
Meanwhile, Carter and Lucy have been traveling throughout the city trying to find the father.
However no one involved with the investigation can tell him the full story with any accuracy.
Carter misses Kem, who's been gone for a month now, so Jerry arranges a webcam chat for them.
As acting chief of staff, Josh calls Leo in for backup when the news about Jed's health hits.
Tippy arrives with his commanding officer Admiral Prescot, thinking it's a medical emergency.
Carter has a good day, earning a bottle of champagne and getting three leads on an apartment.
Chen treats a dying young boy whose mother wants surgery for him, no matter what the outcome.
Drops becomes a person of interest during the investigation, even though he is still in jail.
He feels short of breath, dizzy, and disoriented, and then suddenly his heart begins to beat.
Mark treats a couple concocting odd situations to see how quickly the staff finds a solution.
Upset over their contract, the nurses stage a sick-out, leaving the ER severely understaffed.
Luka, meanwhile, has his own problems when Benton confronts him about poor patient follow-up.
Chandler and Joey try to make due with patio furniture and a canoe as their only furnishings.
Then she learns that due to his first failed marriage, Mike never wants to get married again.
Chandler becomes further frustrated when he accidentally sees Kathy coming out of the shower.
Chandler's ad agency gets a new account and Joey wants Chandler to get him in the commercial.
Richard wonders how many men Monica's been with, after Phoebe announces that it's been a lot.
Meanwhile, the hospital struggles to find a cure for an outbreak of deadly hemorrhagic fever.
Meanwhile, Tara expresses concern that Willow is using too much magic and an argument ensues.
Kyle friended the wrong person so now all his other friends are deserting him left and right.
Facing a return to India, Raj needs a job desperately enough to consider working for Sheldon.
and Penny, by virtue of her performance in Serial Ape-ist, is invited to a sci-fi convention.
Roger is later informed that he will be fired as a teacher as a result of Fonzie's teachings.
Unfortunately things go from bad to worse when the Japanese attack and kill all the dolphins.
Frank throws his back out whilst spending the evening with Margaret, and ends up in traction.
The woman was found in a church where the priest may be a man of sin instead of a man of God.
Harley riders have come to South Park and the boys decide it's time to deal with the problem.
After one day, Fonzie, not having the heart to do it himself, asks Howard to fire his father.
In Paris, a fashion designer with financial trouble is accused of killing a shady loan shark.
It's three weeks into the presidential campaign and Vinick meets with Frost out on the trail.
Jamie and Cully begin to resist the Dominators while the Doctor tries to work out their plan.
Meanwhile someone has stolen Sam's little black book and started ringing all the girls in it.
Jessica finds herself crime-solving in a highly intense world of opera while in Genoa, Italy.
Jimmy is tired of the entire town talking about how great that butthole Christopher Reeve is.
But on her way, she runs into her old flame, David, the Scientist guy, and changes her plans.
Phoebe and Ross help Joey run his lines, and they become convinced that they're great actors.
Phoebe struggles, unsuccessfully to contain her desires for Rick, one of her massage clients.
but they find his friends first approach so enticing that they want the intimacy immediately.
Joey decides he really likes Erin, but Erin decides there isn't a future in the relationship.
Joey, preparing to audition for a new game show, gets help rehearsing from Ross and Chandler.
Kirk investigates an experimental facility for holding prisoners and finds a sinister scheme.
Kovac faces an M&M in the aftermath of Rick Kendrick's death, with Lewis and Abby in support.
Weaver hopes to keep her pregnancy a secret, but physical complications compromise her plans.
Lewis warily watches self-destructive patient Chip Mealy, who admits to molesting young boys.
Kyle and the boys go to the South Park Genetic Engineering Ranch, where they meet a Mephesto.
The complaints about the play continue, and all religious elements are removed from the play.
Meanwhile, Amy and Bernadette bond over having to hide their success from Sheldon and Howard.
Also, Raj moves out and Amy considers an offer of a summer position as a visiting researcher.
Looking for work, Richie, Potsie, and Ralph agree to fix the fence of an attractive divorcee.
Carter and Chen disagree over the treatment of an elderly woman and her care-giving daughter.
Chen treats an abandoned infant with a birthmark in the shape of the sign of the Virgin Mary.
Carter finally tells Mr Rubadoux about his wife's terminal condition, making the man furious.
Monica, not yet engaged, gets on a two-year waiting list to hold a wedding at a local museum.
Joey, back in show businees, tries to get his celebrity picture back on a dry cleaner's wall.
While Scully's faith draws her closer to the boy, Mulder is convinced of another explanation.
The rest of the CSI team investigates the death of rich woman who was killed in her own home.
Feelings of guilt come over B.J. until he discusses them with Donovan and the air is cleared.
Odo and Quark are stranded when they crash on a planet with no communications or replicators.
Kryten is classified as a woman as he has no apparent genitalia and is put in with Kochanski.
Penny turns to Leonard for comfort after her guest appearance on NCIS does not turn out well.
Pratt is left in charge of a busy night shift, with only Coop and a few med students to help.
but is he really trying to get revenge on Mulder or does he want to warn him of another evil?
The deception is complicated by the fact that Ross buys an identical table from Pottery Barn.
Flip doesn't take his advice, and he and his friends accidentally hit Heather with their car.
Ross and Chandler post bogus information about each other on their college's alumni web site.
Ross is clearly freaked out by Rachel and Joey's relationship, but keeps insisting he's fine.
He asks Phoebe to take one of the kids, but then realizes he could never give up any of them.
The women have a slumber party, which isn't very fun until they spy on George Stephanopoulos.
Sam and Janet's relationship is getting stronger and stronger whilst Diane gets more jealous.
Susan schedules a JCAHO drill, which proves to frustrate the staff more than help them learn.
Ellen DeGeneres guest hosts the show on behalf of American Express and their new credit card.
Weaver becomes even more unpopular when she is appointed permanent Chief of the ER by Romano.
But, after he takes her to see a hit musical in Denver, Randy becomes Broadway's biggest fan.
As their ladder stretches skyward, the U.S. government carefully monitors the boys' progress.
Stardate: Unknown When Worf is paralysed in an accident he must undergo drastic back surgery.
After the Enterprise crew re-materialise him, he has a hard time adjusting to the new future.
Sisko proposes to Kasidy, but he is soon warned by the Sarah prophet to break the engagement.
Much to the Coon's dismay, another superhero gets there first and everyone seems to like him.
The CSI's are called to investigate the murder of a man whose body was found in a dark alley.
The CSIs investigate a present-day crime with ties to a mob heist that occurred 25 years ago.
The Doctor and Victoria are now prisoners of the Ice Warriors, who plan to threaten the base.
Can he evade destruction long enough to discover the mysterious force controlling the Circus?
The Doctor is imprisoned by Davros and forced to reveal information about the Daleks' future.
All he can do it stall for time while working out a plan to defeat the brutal Sonataran Linx.
Starship UK houses the future of the British people, as they search the stars for a new home.
The Doctor, captured by he Animus controlling the Zarbi, tries to buy time for Ian to escape.
The Dwarfers discover that the owners of Red Dwarf have been bought out by a corporate giant.
The Enterprise is in danger when Janice Lester, one of Kirk's former lovers, steals his body.
The TARDIS materialises in the Holy Land during King Richard I's crusade against the Muslims.
The team investigates whether what happened to the band member was accidental or intentional.
The boys break into Miss Choksondiks' autopsy to retrieve Cartman's Sea men from her stomach.
Al is thrown out of the Scouts when it is acknowledged that he is gay, so he files a lawsuit.
From the Oval Office, the new president begins to put together a team for the job facing him.
but after she and Mindy, Barry's fiance' get together and talk, Rachel decides Barry is evil.
Joey tries to get Ross to punch him, but then ducks and Ross hits a post, breaking his thumb.
To avoid fighting a war against Japan and their own children the adults set out to stop them.
The producer of a police drama investigates the murder of a programmer who differed with her.
The senior staff clash with the consultants who are to work on Bartlet's reelection campaign.
Warrick and Sara try to find the murderer of the wife of a singer who headlines on the strip.
In search of a holiday, the Doctor and Mel arrive to find a society on the point of collapse.
Meanwhile the boys seek help from the underpants gnomes to teach them about big corporations.
Trapped in the void between universes, both the Doctor and the slavers try to find a way out.
Janeway is knocked unconscious and is rescued by a man who believes that she is his daughter.
Wade Anders host of a highly popular anti-crime television show, has to murder a blackmailer.
Walker investigates a mystery illness sweeping across the children on a Cherokee reservation.
This helps, until Chandler sees the play again later and finds the performance isn't as good.
Meanwhile, Mac tries once again to bond with his ex-con father, who shows an interest in Dee.
Meanwhile, Cartman's biggest concern is that the boys don't spend all of Christmas in Canada.
Xena teams up with two con artists who had earlier scammed Joxer to avenge the brutal attack.
When Rachels asks if she can live with Phoebe, Phoebe claims to have a roommate named Denise.
He thinks that the deaths are linked to a shaman spirit released by the Ecuadorian Amaru urn.
Worried that he's losing his cool, Fonzie attempts to jump 14 garbage cans on his motorcycle.
However, Xena devises a plan to tempt him with worldly delights so that he'll take her place.
Xena embarks on a quest to steal the Golden Apples of Valhalla and restore love to the world.
The biological parents, Ray, and Doctor Coburn disagree over the surrogate mother's treatment.
A convict escapes from prison seeking retribution for those responsible for putting him there.
The faculty believes that Timmy has ADD, which means he doesn^aEURTMt have to do any homework.
She decides to seek help from a past life expert, and meets some familiar faces along the way.
Xena comes to town and runs into an old friend, vowing to save her daughter from the dungeons.
A young boy, Grant Gordon, inadvertently gets super powers after an encounter with the Doctor.
Gallant's leave is delayed, to Neela's dismay, and Ray gets his comeuppance from Zoe's father.
Abby is distressed when her mother interferes with Eric's treatment at a psychiatric hospital.
After 24 hours of surgery, Hawkeye and Potter venture off to a Korean hospital to lend a hand.
After Chachi is caught by a truant officer, Fonzie and Richie arrange for Joanie to tutor him.
After a tycoon disappears, a psychic divines that he has been murdered then she is found dead!
After being hit by the shockwave of a devastating planet-wide explosion, Voyager investigates.
When Ace dies, Rimmer dons his outfit and says his goodbye to the crew before leaving Starbug.
Al accidentally hits Fonzie in the head with a serving tray, and he becomes blind as a result.
An accident that puts Charlie in a wheelchair opens up a window of possibilities for the gang.
Lister discovers the alcohol and he and Rimmer are forced to drink it before their inspection.
Angel and Spike travel to Rome with plans to rescue Buffy from their old nemesis The Immortal.
As the Doctor tries to explain himself to the seabase crew, the Silurians launch their attack.
Donna is the only one worried about a Chinese satellite hurling toward the Earth at 2,000 mph.
Benton struggles with taking a DNA test to determine whether or not Reese is actually his son.
Bernadette shares with Howard that she's pregnant, but his reaction is not what she hoped for.
By stealing his house key, she plans for him to try to enter through her bedroom French doors.
Everyone except Buffy that is, who is not at all willing to give her mother up to someone new.
Meanwhile, Willow has mixed emotions as she prepares to leave England and return to Sunnydale.
Toby meets with veterans upset about a Pearl Harbor anniversary exhibition at the Smithsonian.
Captured by the Count, the Doctor and Romana uncover an elaborate plan to steal the Mona Lisa.
Malucci discovers that an accident victim has been sexually abusing his six-year-old daughter.
Meanwhile, Joey and Ross are feeling brushed-off because Chandler isn't hanging out with them.
Cordelia discovers that she has inherited Doyle's visions, and it plays havoc with her career.
Deaths unaccountable, hidden mines and ground that is hungry, the mystery of Frontios deepens.
Turlough sabotages the TARDIS, forcing an emergency dock with an apparently deserted starship.
However, someone else is heading to the same place perhaps to help Angel, perhaps to stop him.
Weaver has the hiccups throughout the entire episode, trying several suggestions to stop them.
Sarah Jane Smith meets a gigantic robot, and the Doctor finds himself struggling for his life.
Even as Damien demonstrates his demonic powers the children are more loathsome than impressed.
Everyone decides to pool some money and buy lottery tickets, except Ross, the lottery skeptic.
After he kisses her in a final attempt to win her over, she screams and runs out of the house.
Rachel makes an English Trifle for dessert, but gets the recipe mixed up with a Shepard's Pie.
and Gerald joins the opposition to a Danish campaign tracking nefarious characters on the Web.
The next day he is reported killed at the front, as that is where he would have wanted to die.
Carter breaks up a dorm party, but Lucy and a few stragglers remain, with unfortunate results.
Doyle, a half human, half demon, is sent to him by The Powers That Be to help him on his path.
Meanwhile, Martinson, a patient, holds Charles at gunpoint, demanding he be sent back to Ohio.
Fonzie is able to get the guys tuxedos, but, in return, he joins them as a member of the band.
Meanwhile, a trip to Raisins does big things for Butters, as he falls in love with a waitress.
The Doctor finally reaches the central zone, only to find someone from his past lurking there,
They soon learn that the ship has been overrun by viral life forms that are rapidly growing in
Jessica is shocked to learn that her editor has taken a flying leap from his high-rise office.
Monica and Rachel welcome Chandler to their side of the tunnel and console him with ice-cream.
Ross finally narrows his list down by eliminating Isabella Rossellini, then he bumps into her.
Ross has a problem with rage after someone at work steals his Thanksgiving-leftovers sandwich.
Unknown to her, however, Ross has become involved with another woman during his week in China.
Kes accidentally intrudes on a religious shrine and is almost killed by a strange energy beam.
They go aboard a derelict ship and find some heads but they dont have their primers installed.
Meanwhile, Cartmaaan Bra is still trending as holograms continue to run rampant in South Park.
Of course, the herbs and roots aren't working, and only Stan seems to understand Kyle's needs.
A negative article about the hospital appears, following a tour and interview given by Corday.
Leonard and Penny create lists of 'bugs' in their relationship in an attempt to strengthen it.
Chen decides to put her baby up for adoption and visits the child's father, nurse Frank Bacon.
Madame de Pompadour finds the court at Versailles under attack from sinister clockwork droids.
Malucci and a female paramedic become trapped in an elevator with a man who is vomiting blood.
Cleo and Benton endure Romano's ire for scribing a messy prescription that nearly kills a man.
Monica and Phoebe distract an attractive guy who then gets hit by a car and ends up in a coma.
One of the vignettes is a lounge act by Jesus and Santa Claus, singing songs about themselves.
Luka, Clemente and Sam try to convince a mother to accept treatment for her seriously ill son.
Norm gets to know Rebecca better when he paints her office as a way of paying off his bar tab.
Monica and Chandler are late because they fight over the fact that he's started smoking again.
Chandler tries to convince Joey that he's letting Janine make him and the apartment too girly.
Abby heads to Croatia, and ponders whether and how to tell Luka about her unfortunate choices.
Ross and Phoebe find Chandler at his office and convince him to come back, one step at a time.
Joey gets the lead role in a independent film called Shutter Speed, being filmed in Las Vegas.
while getting measured for pants, Chandler gets a little more attention than he bargained for.
Radar is taken by a new nurse at the camp and she is into poetry and music, so they coach him.
After some talking with the guys, Randy believes he could be a contender for the World Record.
Guests including Patrick Stewart and Stephen Hawking share what they love best about the show.
Richie meets a beatnik named Diedre at the movies and gets caught up in her type of lifestyle.
Chandler is unemployed, but takes a job as Joey's assistant, which doesn't work out very well.
Things just get worse, however, despite, and a little because of Phoebe's efforts to help him.
Things go from bad to worse but in the end he finally gets to give Ben Hanukkah and Christmas.
When all this fails, Rachel decides to leave right away for London to tell Ross how she feels.
Sam and Woody are up for bids at a charity auction but less than thrilled at their new owners.
Sam has a weak moment and lends Diane $500 to buy a book reputedly signed by Ernest Hemingway.
They're acting just like he used to, and Sam doesn't think he enjoys acting like that anymore.
Season Finale, Greene and Weaver threaten Doug over his unauthorized treatment of Josh McNeal.
He tries ordering him to release her, tries buying her, and then resorts to cheating at cards.
Howard cashes in on an old pact with Leonard to get Penny to set him up with a friend of hers.
Shortly after Mulder is buried, Billy Miles is found very dead but somehow comes back to life.
Back on DS9, Quark tries to obtain a holo-image of Major Kira for an erotic holosuite program.
The Cat falls head over heels in love, but the object of his affections is not what she seems.
The Doctor and Ace find themselves in the middle of a war between figures from British legend.
However, when the Doctor pretends to be stupid, the sphere fails to drain his mind completely.
The Doctor forces a confrontation with the powers controlling the Greatest Show in the Galaxy.
The Doctor is able to imitate the world leader Salamander but is suspicious of Kent's motives.
The Doctor, Jamie and Victoria arrive at an outpost drilling for natural gas in the North Sea.
The ER gang try to convince her that the beet soup at Doc Magoo's will help her go into labor.
Leo debates with an old friend about the US's future stance regarding the war crimes tribunal.
The Sontarans have invaded Gallifrey, seeking to seize the incredible power of the Time Lords.
The bombing of an abortion clinic brings in many victims, pregnant women and protestors alike.
The boys start a small scam where they steal money left by the tooth fairy for other children.
They continue their search for the Polymorph and suddenly it comes up and attacks from behind.
The starliner Hyperion III. 2986. Trouble is brewing on a routine run between Mogar and Earth.
The time travellers have escaped from the Daleks, but left a vital piece of the TARDIS behind.
Jessica is determined to protect Mort, who has been accused of Hellman's murder by his father.
Cartman's mother goes to a meteor shower party at Mr Mackey's and hires Shelly to babysit him.
Warrick, Nick and Catherine figure out how a man is found dead in the center of a crop circle.
Usually docile demons are flying into violent rages, and innocent humans are paying the price.
Walker has to stop white supremacists who are out to prevent the racially inclusive Unity Day.
Walker must help Alex when she is stalked by an ex-convict whom she convicted back in the day.
In order to get him out of it, Fonzie has to go 24 hours without receiving a kiss from a girl.
A man named Frank, who works in the same department, doesn't like Richie right from the start.
He makes good on his offer and finds her a beautiful apartment that is well within her budget.
When Xander goes to confront Faith alone, however, he may be biting off more than he can chew.
In order to save them and the rest of mankind, they must kill her and her monstrous offspring.
When a major Las Vegas player is found dead, Ecklie orders both teams to investigate the case.
Kyle's mother hears about it and decides to make the town more aware of the nurse's condition.
With British and American casualties heavy, the 4077th's supply of penicillin has been stolen.
A deadly new designer drug sends Walker and Trivette out into the nightlife to seek its source.
Hawkeye defies Frank, to take care of a GI who's suffering from a case of hysterical paralysis.
However, Chachi has an argument with Mario, a member of the band, and says they're breaking up.
Meanwhile, a friendly rivalry over who will win an upcoming bikini contest takes a deadly turn,
A woman has her memories erased and stored on a data crystal to infiltrate the Orion Syndicate.
At a job interview at a department store, her mother causes a disturbance and later flees town.
Fortunately for them, a local City Wok owner has just the skills the townsfolk are looking for.
But it soon becomes apparent that one of the group may be indirectly responsible for the virus.
Howard suggests that they get pinned instead, but, after asking her, Potsie suddenly backs out.
After seeing a kid with Tourette's Syndrome at the toy store, Cartman becomes obsessed with it.
Amid the excitement of Stuart reopening his comic-book store, Howard gets some unsettling news.
An AWOL soldier, Nick Gillis, seeks sanctuary in the mess tent, after Father Mulcahy's service.
a conservative talk show host makes a pathetic attempt to bait C.J. into appearing on his show.
The battle-lines are drawn and the gang spends the night preparing for the final confrontation.
He bargains with Xena for Gabrielle's soul using a contract, and almost gets Xena to marry him.
Armand Assante guest stars as a patient who makes Sam an offer she might not be able to refuse.
The next morning, Giles looks in the mirror and sees a massive Fyarl demon looking back at him.
Can the Doctor stop the deadly maggots, save Cliff's life and stop the megalomaniacal computer?
Sam is angered when Toby adds a drop-in to Sam's already perfect speech without consulting him.
Because of his boredom while away from work, Ross offers to help Joey focus on writing a movie.
The guys take Howard to a karaoke bar where they are joined by the girls to celebrate the news.
And, of course, before these problems can be laid to rest, the dead of Sunnydale start to rise.
Jeanie and Doctor Fischer bond while working on a patient whom they fear has a serious illness.
Carol faces an ethical dilemma when a patient entrusts her with the particulars of an accident.
He tries to straighten things out with her, but she goes out on a dinner date with another guy.
while clearing out his apartment, they discover that Heckles was quite a funny guy in his time.
Chandler gets offered a promotion at work but turns it down because he doesn't like his career.
Ross doesn't give in, but eventually Charlie decides to get back together with Benjamin anyway.
With Charlie's interests now focused elsewhere, Mac, Dennis, and Dee must take on Charlie work.
Columbo is asked to investigate the disappearance of Dian Hunter, director of a men's magazine.
The intruder is a severely scarred man who blames his disfigurement on Government conspirators.
Keaton takes a shine to Carter, meanwhile, when he persuades a teenage girl to undergo surgery.
During an online chat, the Surgeon General comments favorably on the legalization of marijuana.
After they get in a brawl over the matter, Torres begins showing signs of the Pon-Farr herself.
Howard stops K. C. from seeing Jim after Fonzie informs him and Marion of Jim's felonious past.
As patients flood in, Sam recalls Haleh when extra nurses are needed, and earns Eve's approval.
Garrett Stone, who Walker helps put away years prior, is paroled and resumes his life of crime.
Meanwhile, Alex opens her Help Our People Excel, HOPE center to help save youth from gang life.
the team comes to a forensic impasse while processing a teenager who died from a gunshot wound.
Grissom and his team investigate the death of a first class passenger on a flight to Las Vegas.
Hawkeye writes home, describing Christmas in Korea, Radar ships a jeep home, a piece at a time.
Donna seeks a Presidential Proclamation to honor her high-school teacher/mentor who's retiring.
Ian, Barbara, Susan, Altos and Sebetha arrive in a jungle and begin to search for the next key.
In another Hayes Cooper adventure, Mormons and their wagon train must be defended from outlaws.
Jake and Nog attempt to obtain an ancient baseball card to help lift Ben out of his depression.
Chandler plans to boycott Thanksgiving because his parents announced their divorce on that day.
Joey tries to tell Rachel that he didn't really propose, but can't get a moment alone with her.
Donna tries to get an invitation to the Congressional Christmas party to hear Yo-Yo Ma perform.
As word gets around the ER that Kerry will be let go, emotions run high, and Kerry fights back.
Mr Patterson later visits her at the hospital, causing Elizabeth to panic with another patient.
She then created a mechanoid in his image, an ugly, annoying, pompous android, the 4000 series.
Cartman, outraged by not being chosen, comes up with a plan to take Butters out of the picture.
the debate about the Ritchie debates rages on until the staff comes up with a brilliant tactic.
Elsewhere, Sheldon and Raj discover a medium sized asteroid, then debate about what to call it.
Pratt receives an unfavorable review from Romano and also treats a con who was raped in prison.
Lilith persuades Frasier to give up everything urban and move with her to a cabin in the wilds.
Now he must convince Angel that, despite his past actions, his motives this time are honorable.
Sam celebrates her birthday in the ER and meets a photographer who changes her outlook on life.
Father Mulcahy presides over a Jewish circumcision ceremony for the Korean-born son of a US GI.
Margaret's birthday plans are spoiled when she and Klinger get stranded on a desolate roadside.
Mark and Jenn struggle to make their relationship work after he moves in with her in Milwaukee.
Doctor Romano returns from a European sabbatical, pioneering the latest in robotics technology.
Ross tells Chandler about the kiss and convinces him to confront his mother about his feelings.
Gates helps, and is helped by, a child prodigy in the ICU. Sam, Chuny and Dawn go speed dating.
Richie, however, already has big plans and asks Potsie to take his place and pretend to be him.
When Baker is found dead, a stake through his heart, Cabot Cove ends up buzzing about vampires.
Nurse Carrie Donovan receives a Dear Jane letter from her husband, and practically falls apart.
Phoebe visits Rachel at work and makes out with Kenny the copy boy, thinking it's Ralph Lauren.
Corday and Dorset are still involved, although she wonders if it's too soon after Mark's death.
Melissa claims not to remember the event, until Rachel kisses her again, just to prove a point.
she taunts Ross into a high stakes hand, and he lets her win because he wants to see her happy.
Everyone tries to discourage him, and he admits to having received a tattoo that will wash off.
Richie temporarily takes over a local newspaper's advice column but only tells Fonzie about it.
Richie, wanting to become a tough reporter, sets out to investigate the food at Jefferson High.
Rimmer and Kryten face off in a presidential election when the Red Dwarf machines go on strike.
When the group must evacuate the clinic, Luka refuses to leave his patients and remains behind.
Carter expresses his feelings to Abby and begins thinking about his future at another hospital.
a place where Borg drones are individuals for a short period of time during their regeneration.
Sheldon is ordered to teach a class, and the gang is surprised when Howard signs up to take it.
Sheldon once again has to keep a secret when he learns Leonard and Penny are going to break up.
Speculation runs through the ER, on a very hectic day, about Randi's possible criminal history.
Toby and Andy joust over an upcoming presidential speech condemning Islamic fanaticism by name.
Shortly after opening the archive, Data becomes possessed with several different personalities.
When Ishka has a heart attack, Quark poses as a convincing female in order to let the law pass.
The project to get B.A. in a plane get more and more difficult as B.A. has become overcautious.
The CSI's investigate a man found beaten to death in an alley that was dressed as a super hero.
But the real foe is using robots to cut down the crew, and even sabotage the sand miner itself!
The Doctor must keep the android king running while Grendel plots to use Romana to destroy him.
The Doctor and Romana unwrap an intricate plot involving aliens, time travel and the Mona Lisa.
The Doctor has regenerated into a brand new man, but danger strikes before he can even recover.
The Doctor's companions continue to investigate the strange events in 11th century Northumbria.
A church where ex-gang members worship has their Christmas donations stolen by current members.
Who is the mysterious man claiming to be the Doctor? And why has the Brigadier lost his memory?
Coupled with closed ERs in two other city hospitals, the end result is an extremely hectic day.
The bar patrons are all enthralled by the mysterious gentleman who claims to be a secret agent.
Seconds before detonation, Epideme reveals a clue to a possible cure and they head to a planet.
The gang gathers at Carla's house for a Thanksgiving dinner of frozen turkey and overdone peas.
Meanwhile Rimmer is having quite a good time aboard the Holoship, he can touch, feel and taste.
The guys discover that Fonzie has been going to night school so that he can graduate with them.
Monica and Rachel bet that they know Chandler and Joey better than Chandler and Joey know them.
The investigation into the human trafficking ring continues, but it's a race against the clock.
The eleven jurors who were voting guilty and who hated the dead juror are the natural suspects.
The president considers recalling the Senate to push ratification of a nuclear-test-ban treaty.
The return of a Gulf War veteran and his reunion with his fianc'ee is marred by his big secret.
Tonight might be the night that Rebecca and Robin finally get together, despite Sam's presence.
Meanwhile, Joxer tries to reclaim his friend by reminiscing about the good times in their past.
Walker seeks to stop vigilante cops who murdered a friend of his over a crime he didn't commit.
Warrick struggles to control his emotions to the point where Grissom pulls him off of the case.
now that twins Huck and Molly have arrived, Toby wonders if he's capable of loving them enough.
she wants to ask him on a date, but doesn't know how, she's never had to ask anyone out before.
Meanwhile, one of her temporary allies, Rafe, tries to score with Xena to win a bet of his own.
When Sheldon and Amy build a blanket fort, they come to major crossroads in their relationship.
Mulder and Scully have to work out where the beast will go next before it can kill anyone else.
He learns that his creator has summoned him for an important meeting that will change his life.
Kyle discovers the reason, the nurse has a stillborn conjoined twin fetus attached to her head.
With Mr Garrison missing, and a new school year beginning, it's time to enter the fourth grade.
Doug meets Diane Leeds, who works in the hospital's Risk Management division, and her son, Jake.
Meanwhile, Howard stumbles upon a remote-control Stephen Hawking action figure that he invented.
Frank posts the letter and various staff members who weren't in attendance take time to read it.
A military helicopter with stealth capabilities has been stolen to be utilized by a drug cartel.
Missing pieces include Frank's silver picture frame, Margaret's hair brush, and Trapper's watch.
Burns is late in returning from R&R and why Margaret returned from her honeymoon in a deep funk.
After an amnesiac finds nerve gas at a genetic research facility, they need Walker's protection.
Susan's husband, who she married the same week she met him unexpectedly shows up from Las Vegas.
This Ace Rimmer will soon die and asks our Rimmer to be his successor as an inter-galactic hero.
An injured alien named Tieran transfers his consciousness into Kes' mind moments before he dies.
Willow, sensing something wrong with the magic, balks at the last minute and disrupts the spell.
Baffled by how the pregnancy is even possible, Angel and company turn to Lorne for some insight.
Having scrubbed up and helped treat the wounded, they provide the needed solution to the puzzle.
The coroner's inquest backs up her story, but for Columbo, too many little things do not add up.
He is a football player, and when he discovers that his leg has been amputated, he wants to die.
Carter faces a dilemma during a blood shortage when a serial rapist is in need of a transfusion.
Cartman is hiding something in his bedroom that could change the outcome of the entire election.
Catherine takes the point in the investigation of an escalating series of peeping tom incidents.
Monica is upset that she wasn't invited to her cousin's wedding, but the rest of her family was.
Chandler suggests they make a list of pros and cons, which somehow never makes it past the cons.
Dennis comes to the realization that marriage is not how he imagined it to be, and he wants out.
A pod arrives containing Hector, Camille's Husband who wants to find a cure for their condition.
Doug decides to leave County and accepts a well-paying position in a private pediatric practice.
Peter visits Doctor Kotlowitz and receives encouragement regarding a cochlear implant for Reese.
ER revisits Doctor John Carter and reveals what he's been doing since his departure from County.
Wendall dumps Carter on their three-month anniversary, since he's clearly still attached to Kem.
Damar provides an escape route for Worf and Ezri just as they are led to the execution chambers.
Face's latest girl friend is rather ungrateful after the A-Team rescues her from local mobsters.
Denise, upon hearing what Fonzie's asked Richie to do, decides to test Richie's trustworthiness.
BJ, Potter, and Radar are in attendance of the preliminary hearing to offer support for Hawkeye.
He promptly applies for the Purple Heart, having been 'technically' wounded at a frontline unit.
Tommy Gillis, an old friend of Hawkeye's, is writing a book about the war, and pays him a visit.
The Doctor must find a way through them before the ULTIMA machine shatters the chains of Fenric,
The camp celebrates, Klinger gives away his dresses and locals start to take pieces of the camp.
After hammering out the details with County's administration, Abby is cleared to return to work.
Potsie happens to know who she is, Ashley Pfister, and Fonzie vows to find her and make her his.
Jessica tells the tale of a composer accused of killing the professor who plagiarized his music.
Meanwhile, Ross and Mike hang out together but find they have nothing interesting to talk about.
Joey joins in because his family thinks he has V.D.. Monica has to make three kinds of potatoes.
Rachel wants a relationship, or at least a fling, so Chandler offers to set her up with someone.
A record producers signs Phoebe to make a video of Smelly Cat, but dubs in someone else's voice.
Chandler gives Monica a customized tape of music which actually was a previous gift from Janice.
The complex rules are confusing at first, but after a while the guys really take a liking to it.
Ray tries to stop the Chadwick sisters from leaving without having been seen by social services.
Benton clashes with Corday after she apparently steals a rare procedure out from under his nose.
Meanwhile, the Doctors are concerned about a young soldier who appears to be mentally deficient.
Meanwhile, Stan and Kenny see it, and believe that Mel Gibson should give them their money back.
Lanzarote, 1985. Archaeologist Howard Foster raises a strange metal artefact from the sea floor.
Lister's face is expressionless until he leaps in the air and shouts How'd I do, Mr Lister, Sir!
London, 1963. Returning to Totter's Lane, the Doctor and Ace find Daleks lurking in the shadows.
Luka and Gates treat a teenage girl found in front of her school, bleeding and apparently raped.
He loses, but discovers something much more valuable, to him, at least, His identical hand twin.
Barbra finally get the other triangle and becomes Mecha-Streisand, wreaking havoc upon the town.
Carter feels he has invested money in a clinic that is more interested in glamour than medicine.
Sarah's grandparents are in town, and Hank is taken to the ER after collapsing during an outing.
Odo uses Bashir's holosuite character of Vic Fontaine to bring himself and Kira closer together.
Rimmer isn't there, Lister is a Hologram, Kochanski is alive, and Kryten is wearing a gold suit.
She rents all the movies her mother used to show her, and gets rather depressed and pessimistic.
They have a great date, and at the end of the night Joey realizes he's starting to fall for her.
Meanwhile, Liane Cartman seeks help in high places to see if she can get a retroactive abortion.
Chandler cleans his and Monica's apartment, but afterwards can't remember where everything goes.
Rachel has an interview at Ralph Lauren, where she mistakenly kisses the interviewer, Mr Zelner.
Frank wants Klinger thrown out on a Section 8, so Henry calls in a psychiatrist, Major Freedman.
The Green Bay Packers pull out an unexpected win, and Ralph owes a lot of people a lot of money.
Meanwhile, infamous Dick and Jane killer Nate Haskell says he has vital information on the case.
This has now changed the timeline, and Reapers are transposing themselves all over the Universe.
Ross, Joey, Rachel, and Phoebe talk about what it will be like if Chandler and Monica have kids.
Chandler has a lousy time, but Joey has a great day, including a visit with the Duchess of York.
Carter, Gillian and two aids join Luka at the clinic in order to set up an immunization program.
Seeing the effects of the recession, Mac and Dennis try to find a way to keep Paddy's pub going.
Sheldon, and his friends are mystified when a younger undergraduate student is attracted to him.
Shep has a run-in with Malik and Benton when he makes an off-handed racially insensitive remark.
Luka meets Sam's son Alex in the new JumboMart, which has replaced the fire-damaged Doc Magoo's.
Later, both Slayers set off on a late-night raid, and both find something completely unexpected.
Sparky, after being hurt by Stan's feelings about his lifestyle, runs away and meets Big Gay Al.
Stardate: Unknown Worf and Wesley must help a 12-year-old boy cope with the death of his mother.
Stardate: Unknown Picard and Data find Spock and discover the reason behind the secret meetings.
Doctor Crusher is left in command of the Enterprise as it comes under attack from a Borg vessel.
Carter celebrates when he receives his residency match, putting his patient and his job at risk.
The CSI is on the hunt for the person who killed a pretty young woman, found dead in the desert.
Meanwhile, Greg Sanders is investigated and accused of framing a man for murder seven years ago.
The Doctor and Romana are trapped between the monstrous Kroll and the insane refinery commander.
The Doctor begins to unravel the mysteries of the Mara, even as Tegan sets its return in motion,
When planes freeze in the sky above modern-day Earth, UNIT calls on Clara to help in the search.
The Doctor, Ian and Barbara have befriended Vicki, one of two survivors of a wrecked Earth ship.
Carter demands that Benton stop treating him like a student, and start treating him as an equal.
The TARDIS is caught by a mysterious force which causes it to materialise in present-day London.
The abused wife of a drug dealer seeks help from Trent, who become a champion of battered women.
Cartman tries to warn everyone that their lives are at risk if they participate in the egg hunt.
When the charity comes to pick up Starvin' Marvin at Cartman's house, they take Cartman instead.
Joey has a one-track mind after Rachel mentions that her best friend, Mindy, taught her to kiss.
Meanwhile, Dee finally meets the solider that she has been communicating with over the internet.
The gang tries to bring Woody back to earth after a vacation in London with Kelly and her money.
Nick reopens a four year old case when the sister of the victim comes forward with new evidence.
The prospective owner of a radio station in the prairies is killed before the sale goes through.
The regulars push Norm into pursuing an attractive new client who seems to be interested in him.
Meanwhile, Ross and Charlie spend more time together, and realize their feelings for each other.
Tlotoxl finally gains the upper hand, now prepared to destroy Barbara and all of her companions.
Fonzie needs some rest, so he sleeps in Richie's bed without Howard, Marion, and Joanie knowing.
Walker gets an ex-convict to impersonate a just-jailed criminal to help capture his accomplices.
When Gabrielle is kidnapped by a man plotting to usurp a kingdom, it's up to Xena to rescue her.
A series of flashbacks show the history of Angel and Spike and their relationship with Drusilla.
They are soon unfired for causing a pub brawl and then proceed to undo the results of the fight.
Meanwhile Frank bets on the outcome of a baseball game, which he has already heard on the radio.
While investigating an elderly woman's murder, Grissom receives a miniature crime scene replica.
Columbo stills manages to catch both the murderers, with the help of a pearl and a new umbrella.
He is taken to the nurse's office, which is widely regarded as a horrific place by the students.
With the accomplice in custody, it's revealed that the intended target was Charlie, not Bartlet.
Xena and Gabrielle help their friend Tara to change an oppressed town where dancing is outlawed.
Xena learns that her daughter has been endowed with the power of heaven as the Messenger of Eli.
A distress signal from an old friend brings the Doctor to a junkyard planet in a bubble universe.
A mysterious alien with a knack for languages is able to repair a damaged message from Starfleet.
Sisko, getting an impulse from the Prophets, smashes the tablet, releasing strange energy-beings.
Despondent over badly injuring a young skateboarder, a mall security guard tries to hang himself.
A struggling photographer is murdered in an elaborate scheme to get hold of his lottery winnings.
After 3000 years, the vicious criminal Kane is on the brink of gaining his long-sought vengeance.
Dennis enters the competition to prove that he has what it takes to be featured on the billboard.
Meanwhile, The Doctor follows a teenaged girl to a meeting of the homeless children of the Blitz.
Alex and Walker race to get to the courthouse with critical evidence before a killer is set free.
Meanwhile, Wesley continues his relationship with Lilah and searches for a way to redeem himself.
Buffy's seventeenth birthday arrives, and the Scoobies prepare a surprise birthday party for her.
Buffy, Willow, Tara, and Dawn narrowly escape from Glory, but only because she is hit by a truck.
Attorney Herb Spivak shadows Mark all day wanting to play doctor, with some interesting outcomes.
Catherine, Warrick and Nick find the bodies of two women at a construction site buried under tar.
Chandler bumps into Joanna, Rachel's boss and they go out again, and end up having quite a fling.
while sneaking into Joanna's office, Rachel finds Chandler half naked and hand-cuffed to a chair.
Rachel reveals she's never done laundry before, and accidentally dyes all her white clothes pink.
then she does the same to him when her old flame David, Scientist Guy shows up in town for a day.
Ross rediscovers his musical sound, but he isn't really as good as he and Phoebe seem to believe.
Coach falls in love with a woman who agrees to marry him while Sam strikes out with her daughter.
With no other options open to him, Angel must enter a most unusual alliance, with Wolfram & Hart.
D.B. Russell leads the CSI team to locate both Morgan and Ellie Brass following their kidnapping.
This failure after so much effort proves too much for Buffy and she slips into a catatonic state.
Doctors and nurses from the ER help out at a camp for children who have had open heart surgeries.
Doctor Hicks berates Benton when he tries to switch shifts to attend his mother's birthday party.
Doctor Judson and Commander Millington become obsessed with deciphering the ancient viking runes.
Lucy tangles with an Asian family that requests their matriarch not be told of a cancerous tumor.
Something inhumanly strong and resilient is raiding scientific establishments across the country.
Gates and the new interns treat a bio terrorist, who has a lethal secret that endangers them all.
Fonzie asks Richie to watch after his girl, Denise, while he's out of town at a demolition derby.
Now she can feel the pain of every being on the planet, and she decides that their pain must end.
Grissom, Nick, and Warrick take the case of a jogger who was killed by a wild animal in the park.
It gets complicated when they discover that the jogger had his liver removed after he was killed.
When Chakotay and Tuvok also disappear, the Doctor is transferred to the holodeck to investigate.
They fill out a report and Major Stoner arrives to investigate, and leaves with all the evidence.
Hawkeye creates a fake doctor, Captain Jonathan S. Tuttle, to give supplies to the local orphans.
In 1983, the Doctor and Clara land on a Russian nuclear submarine trapped beneath the Arctic ice.
It's Abby's first day back at work since her abduction, and it may be too soon for her to return.
Monica and Chandler, preparing again to attempt conception, stop when they hear Janice next door.
Jessica investigates the murder while everyone in town tries to point the finger at someone else.
Joanie says she may not want to counter his advances and would like to experience her first kiss.
To give them something to talk about, Rachel invents a story that her boss wants to buy her baby.
Chandler has a chance to redeem himself when he takes a message that the part is available again.
In order to smooth things over, Joey agrees to be Mr Treeger's practice ballroom dancing partner.
Ross meets Elizabeth's dad, Paul, who really doesn't approve of his daughter dating an older man.
Rachel, in a dress that really shows off her assets goes out with Phoebe for a night on the town.
he does horribly until he's in the Winner's Circle, where he does very well, until the last clue.
Monica picks up Emily's wedding dress for her, and finds she just can't resist wearing it, a lot.
Later he find he can only take one, so he choses Chandler, who falls asleep during the screening.
Monica tells them about losing her job, but she just can't get the courage to ask them for money.
Sam discovers the impact Steve's imprisonment has had on Alex, and takes him to visit his father.
Kryten throws the implant away and they leave the Bad ship and regenerate the original Red Dwarf.
The boys pull the ice man out, Mephesto takes the ice man back to his laboratory to thaw him out.
Lawson, a mysterious man from Angel's past, arrives at Wolfram & Hart and takes the gang hostage.
Leonard can't take Sheldon's continued selfishness and agrees to dissolve the Roommate Agreement.
Let Go, Let Gov, Cartman infiltrates the NSA and doesn't like what he finds in his personal file.
The two Rimmers decide to move in together leaving Lister who is all too happy to be rid of them.
She gets drunk at her goodbye party, but is sobered up in the shower when wounded start arriving.
Meanwhile the military police, under the new leadership of Colonel Briggs, closes in on the team.
Meanwhile, Nog goes through various tests to be able to take the Starfleet academy entrance test.
Chandler has enough savings to cover it, but isn't sure that's the way he wants to use the money.
Joey gets a lead part in a play, but can't stand the female lead, until he realizes he likes her.
Chandler's new boss has a habit of slapping him on the behind, which Chandler tries to deal with.
New nurse manager Eve Peyton causes a stir in the ER. Luka and Kerry treat a severely burned man.
Jed takes a hard line on making significant gains on substantive issues in his last China summit.
Peter accepts Romano's suggestion and takes a two-week job in Minnesota to earn some extra money.
Peter and Cleo may be at fault when a police officer shoots and kills an old woman with dementia.
Ross, bothered that he's missing significant steps in Ben's development, takes Ben for a weekend.
Ross is upset about missing pregnancy stuff, so he tells Rachel to page anytime anything happens.
Rachel and Ross are late because they lock themselves out of their apartment while Emma's inside.
Joey agrees to be a temporary vegetarian so she can eat meat without causing more animals to die.
The judge decides they don't qualify for an annulment, so they go to Ross's lawyer for a divorce.
Mr and Mrs Geller are selling their home so Ross and Monica go to pick up their childhood things.
Later, realizing her mistake, she meets with him again, straightens things out, and gets the job.
Monica obsesses about proving that she and Chandler are still a hot couple, like Phoebe and Gary.
Chandler takes Monica to a work party, as well as some outings with Chandler's boss and his wife.
Religious leaders descend upon South Park to witness a Biblical prophecy that has been fulfilled.
Richie is forced into being a disc jockey at a local radio station when one there suddenly quits.
Monica and Chandler decide to have a baby, and want to start trying right away,, at the hospital.
Sam enlists Harry the conman to help fleece a card shark who cheated Coach out of a lot of money.
Soon, gunshots ring out, another doctor hits the floor, and a staff member's life is in jeopardy.
Benton's diagnosis of a patient is overridden by the man's personal physician, with dire results.
Meanwhile, Leonard's miffed when Penny doesn't respond the way he hoped after saying, I love you.
Sheldon tries to cure his phobia of birds, while Leonard and Penny go to a movie just as friends.
He and Trapper then orders spare ribs and sauce from the best place he ever had them, in Chicago.
Sisko has visions of himself and his crew as writers for a science fiction paper in 1950's Earth.
He then leads them across the South, reclaiming the cities and forts that were lost to the Union.
Southern England, 1981. The universe has been saved, but at the cost of the fourth Doctor's life.
He makes a tape of his discoveries,, but is exterminated before he can get word to his superiors,
The catch is that his planet and his race shift between this universe and a plane of pure energy.
Desperate to learn their true motives, Captain Sisko brings Lieutenant Commander Worf aboard DS9.
The CSIs investigate the murders of an Elvis impersonator and a bird that are somewhat connected.
But what are his plans and who are the mysterious aliens he is working with to conquer the Earth?
Something from ancient legend has awoken and is eager to plug the peaceful Kinda back into chaos.
The Doctor has finally discovered the truth behind the disappearance of three British astronauts.
He follows the trail to the outskirts of Seville, where a monstrous experiment is about to begin,
Should they warn the residents of the impending disaster, or let history take its natural course?
Abby pays the price to protect Joyce from her violent husband, Brian, when she is punched by him.
The Rangers investigate a series of suspicious accidents involving a Cherokee indian racing team.
The TARDIS arrives in the 19th century, and soon the Doctor has met a familiar face from history.
The boys find themselves victims of an April Fool's Day joke, and it doesn't go over well at all.
Meanwhile, Cartman suspects that a new Muslim student is involved in a possible terrorist attack.
Holly's voice, meanwhile, is heard advising them that they are hallucinating, but they ignore it.
Joey remembers Rachel had someone spend the night a month earlier, who left behind a red sweater.
They appear to have developed a cure for every disease, but the hospital hides a sinister secret.
The Doctor appears to hold the advantage, but Eckersley has one or two tricks left up his sleeve.
Meanwhile, Mel has found the rooftop pool, which may just be the deadliest place in the building,
He only needs one final item to make his master live again, and then the Doctor and Sarah arrive,
Meanwhile, it is Amy's birthday and she and Sheldon plan on having their annual night of romance.
The time travellers work desperately to both escape the Dalek city and prevent a bloody massacre.
Vinick meets a famous athlete who greets him with a welcome that sings possible campaign trouble.
Under his guidance, monstrous experiments are being performed and the Doctor may be next in line,
Q soon appears and reveals that they are the after-effects of a civil war within the Q-Continuum.
Walker investigates malfeasance at a racetrack by an owner looking to increase his horse's value.
Mick, proving that he's invincible, kidnaps a boy named Archie who was staying at Walker's ranch.
Walker protects a young man who has a jade dragon that a Chinese gang believes has magical power.
Grissom and the team have 24 hours to make the case with new evidence or the killer will go free.
But before long the agents find out that there may be more to the legend then they first thought.
However, what awaits the Delta Flyer on that mission will present a formidable test for them all.
There, the Daleks exterminate Mavic Chen, but the Doctor manages to activate the Time Destructor.
At the ship, before leaving, Cat discovers one more unfortunate aspect of doing things backwards.
While on a school field trip, Stan accidentally insults Tom Cruise and sets off a chain reaction.
With the help of Mac and Dennis, Frank and Charlie attempt to figure out who pooped in their bed.
Ezri wishes to join Ben, Joseph and Jake Sisko on their hunt for the Bajoran Orb of the Emissary.
Sisko learns that a Prophet, to ensure his birth and guarantee his destiny, possessed his mother.
Scully is wary of having their faces put on national television but Mulder welcomes the publicity.
Carter worries that he may have contracted an STD. Susan treats a teenager with alcohol poisoning.
A highly intelligent spider from Metebelis III arrives on Earth in search of the powerful crystal.
a new, and improved Hudzen 10 . Kryten is not upset though, because now he goes to Silicon Heaven.
A patient's appreciative mother offers the ER staff free makeovers, with some interesting results.
A private investigator kills his client's wife after she threatens to expose his blackmail scheme.
A real life soap opera involves a soap star, her co-star, and the victim, her millionaire husband.
Even though the technique works it does not fool the computer into deactivating the auto-destruct.
Catherine and Warrick are given boxes of evidence from a shooting that goes to trial in four days.
Abby is flabbergasted when Maggie reveals her plans to move back to her birthplace of Minneapolis.
They head off in Starbug where they crash into Ace's spaceship and crash land on the ocean planet.
After chasing an unexplained capsule through time, the TARDIS lands in London, during an air raid.
However, as the crew prepare for their heist, the Borg Queen is secretly aware of the entire plan.
After surviving the attack, the Doctor and Oswald make their way to London to find the Oswald Box.
An accident in a plasma cloud creates a duplicate Voyager after they are attacked by the Vidiians.
Then foster-father Holtz stirs things up by suggesting Connor should leave him to live with Angel.
Back on Earth, Lieutenant Barclay becomes obsessed with finding a way to communicate with Voyager.
Bashir and O'Brien plot to capture a member of Section 31 who may hold the cure for Odo's illness.
They retrieve him from Human Services, but are a little unsure whether they've got the right baby.
it doesn't work out too well, so she convinces her co-workers to quit, but that lasts about a day.
Doug treats an abused young girl, and Carol receives bad news about her attempt to foster Tatiana.
The last straw is when he threatens to break up her romance with Peter Hamilton, a company lawyer.
Jed's staff is less than thrilled when they learn who will succeed Walken as Speaker of the House.
Buffy and Giles leave for the desert on a vision quest in an attempt to find a way to fight Glory.
While they are talking, they are attacked by a Mohra demon, and some of its blood gets onto Angel.
Carla asks Sam to partner her in a dance contest where their main competition is Nick and Loretta.
Carla's daughter insists on having her father walk her down the aisle, despite Carla's objections.
His return to the hospital is uneventful, although there is an awkward moment when Kem meets Abby.
Gallant discovers that his sister has been getting it on with Pratt, although she later dumps him.
she doesn't want to give up Ross, nor get left out of the group like Chandler's old roommate, Kip.
Monica, Chandler, and Ross celebrate his birthday by attending Hootie and the Blowfish in concert.
Chandler hires a maid, Brenda, but Monica isn't sure she wants anyone else cleaning the apartment.
Christmas, 1851, and the Doctor meets a strange man in Victorian England, a man called The Doctor.
Deputy Andy bought a house with numerous defects from the victim and emerges as the chief suspect.
Meanwhile, Semenko, a pretentious artist, wants to make Diane the subject of his next work of art.
Doyle lodges a sexual harassment complaint against Romano, hoping Doctor Corday will lend support.
Benton treats an injured woman who refuses to press charges against her abusive policeman husband.
Jeanie turns down dates with both Doctor Baker and Reggie, telling each she's seeing someone else.
Monica is stuck with a dozen lasagnas because she didn't know they were supposed to be vegetarian.
The spell seems to fail, but strange things begin happening to her friends when Willow gets angry.
The director loves Fonzie, but the studio is more impressed with Richie and offers him a contract.
Giles discovers an ancient prophecy which states that Buffy will face The Master and she will die.
They escape when her life force is drained and she disappears, but the holodisease infects Rimmer.
Greene searches for his father, who is supposed to have arrived from San Diego earlier in the day.
Nick and Warrick try to determine how the driver of jeep was killed when the car ran off the road.
Frank then changes the camp to be more military, and he confiscates Hawkeye's and Trapper's still.
Meanwhile, Catherine probes her own abduction and learns that someone may be targeting her family.
All of the suspects are trapped at the lodge because of a blizzard, but the killer is trapped too.
Jessica knows her former researcher is a congenital liar, so she has no reason to believe her now.
Joey's refrigerator breaks down, so he tries to manipulate his friends into paying for part of it.
Amongst Monica's items from home is a video of herself and Rachel preparing for their Senior Prom.
Kirk, Chekov, and Uhura are kidnapped and forced to participate in a series of gladiatorial games.
Hawkeye and Trapper operate on General Mitchell's son, and the General gives them 3 days in Tokyo.
After Kynesha is placed with a foster family, Benton and Finch discover their home trashed by her.
Cleo is racked with guilt after misdiagnosing a four-year-old with iron poisoning, who later dies.
Meanwhile, a distraught Raj learns his parents have divorced on the eve of their 40th anniversary.
Abby's brother Eric, an Air Force traffic controller, visits on his way to a new post in Nebraska.
As a consequence of his actions, Rimmer discovers that he is not a hologram anymore, but is alive.
When Kate comes down with a fever, Carol takes the twins to the ER, where Luka takes care of them.
Eventually the two species will battle to the death and Faith Hilling may be humanity's only hope.
after seeing the credit card statement, she decides the thief lives her life better than she does.
Mr Garrison is fed up with undocumented immigrants, and proposes building a wall to keep them out.
Neela searches for Gallant when she discovers that he was at the hospital and didn't come see her.
Nick takes the lead on a case where in the house a family of four, three pools of blood are found.
Norm becomes aware of his own mortality and decides to throw it all in and take off for Bora Bora.
While all this is going on, Rimmer is invited to dinner with the captain and some of the officers.
the gang fashions a very long poking device out of chopsticks so they can make sure he's not dead.
Phoebe discovers that her mother used to shield her from the sad parts of movies, like Old Yeller.
he chooses Joey, which seems okay until after the bachelor party when the wedding ring is missing.
They eventually do, but soon have problems when Leslie sells Smelly Cat to a kitty litter company.
Abby finds out for the first time that Carter is considering going to Africa with Luka for awhile.
Opening the box leads to enchanted shadow puppets and a chance for Buffy to gain incredible power.
Ross spends all his free time 'acting' in front of his window, thinking it entertains his friends.
after several false alarms, he gets beeped for the real thing, and everyone heads to the hospital.
They plan to enter a plant into the contest who won't accept the prizes when chosen as the winner.
Meanwhile, Sarah is made a slave in the Thal dome and must escape before she is poisoned to death,
They decide to look for another sign, but even though the signs keep coming, they keep denying it.
Sam gets a phonecall from an old baseball friend, Rick Walker, who has been having a lousy season.
Season Finale, Carol's pregnancy becomes public knowledge, and she learns that she's having twins.
As they travel, they discuss their relationship, slowly realizing they have very little in common.
Old friends come show their support when a new medical facility for the underprivileged is opened.
and tensions between Penny and Bernadette afford Amy an opportunity to play one against the other.
Trapper calls a woman he spent a weekend with to pick up the ribs, and then they get choppered in.
However, the motives of the security officer conducting the investigation are less than honorable.
She must disable a Dominion sensor array that has been monitoring all traffic within five sectors.
Spike's essence coalesces out of the amulet in the mysterious envelope, but he is now incorporeal.
A team of engineers and technicians reassemble the android, and Data's twin, Lore, is reactivated.
Stardate: Unknown A deaf-mute mediator meets with disaster while being escorted by the Enterprise.
Father Jack sobers up for the first time in years, but Dougal and Ted find their resolve wavering.
Hodges' mother Olivia arrives for a visit, and he wants her to believe he and Morgan are a couple.
The CSIs investigate a car crash and are shocked to discover the victim is someone that they know.
Also two secretaries who tried to steal a man's Wallet and ATM pin number with a scam end up dead.
He runs into Danny and once they know who each other are, take an immediate dislike to each other.
The creatures plan an even more deadly assault on mankind, one that will change the planet itself,
The TARDIS experiences a total power failure and is stranded in the Himalayas in the 13th century.
The bass player for the band Rascal Flatts is electrocuted on stage during a performance in Vegas.
They are also concerned about Timmy, who cannot confess his sins because he can only say his name.
After some talk over what to do, Rimmer decides he will help humanity by breaking Lister's guitar!
Phoebe says no, but gets back together with him, knowing that now they can have a future together.
The gang try to re-ensoul Angel, but his soul is missing, and they must find a way to get it back.
But their defiant stand only gives more publicity to the film, which becomes an overnight success.
The owner of a diner is accused of using too much 'spice' in the food, when someone finds arsenic.
Now, Eyghon has returned and is hunting down the people who used to raise him for their amusement.
The students are given eggs to look after, to teach them about the responsibilities of parenthood.
A representative from the Anti-Semitic sect is cast out for favoring the prophet Haman over Moses.
Toby discovers that Will's frankness, stubbornness, and commitment to ideals is much like his own.
Charlie is tasked with buying the President a new carving knife which is not as easy as it sounds.
Unfortunately, his going-away party is spoiled by a new Army regulation, which forces him to stay.
Turlough begins to recall a horror from his planet's past as the secrets of Frontios are revealed.
Wanting to have some money of his own, Richie gets a job loading papers for The Milwaukee Journal.
Toby accuses C.J. of being too friendly with the press when she objects to being kept in the dark.
Warrick, Catherine, and Nick try to determine the cause of a house fire that kills a teenage girl.
When Bartlet vetoes the death tax, the staff must scramble to keep the veto from being overridden.
When Tuvok crashes on a moon, he discovers three small children who believe they are about to die.
While on a visit to Amsterdam, Jessica meets up with fellow novelist and old friend Nigel Allison.
At first she almost seems to be taking pity on him, but gradually her counsel grows more sinister.
She is told that magick will not reverse a natural human death and she becomes consumed with rage.
Winemaker Adrian Carsini decides to kill his younger brother before he can sell the family winery.
Woody's cousin develops a crush on Rebecca and Cliff is very unhappy with the new postal uniforms.
Worf's foster brother violates the Prime Directive to save an alien society whose planet is dying.
A South Korean Woman misinterprets Klinger's motives when he tries to aid her daughter financially.
Ross decides to visit Marcel at the San Diego Zoo, since he's going to a convention in Los Angeles.
A famous general kills an associate because he fears he will expose his illegal business practices.
A red hot diary of a sex symbol is to be auctioned and some of the bidders are ready to shed blood.
A young woman called Sally visits a dilapidated house, and is led down a terrifying time-torn path.
After Thanksgiving dinner at Monica's, the gang tells stories about their worst Thanksgivings ever.
After a wild night on the town, Cordelia wakes up to find that she is at least six months pregnant.
Meanwhile, Howard takes away Potsie's salary after he sells power drills for $13.05 less than cost.
Luka must calm Abby's baby-related fears after an incident at the hospital places everyone at risk.
As a concerned parent, Randy radically changes the way football is played at South Park Elementary.
Meanwhile, Mac's desire to be a member of the mob doesn't turn out the way he had originally hoped.
the staff disagrees about whether Bartlet should apologize for not revealing his medical condition.
Worf challenges Gowron's corrupt leadership of the Klingon Empire, which results in Gowron's death.
Richie suggests that they demonstrate against the curfew, get arrested, and fight it in the courts.
There, he learns about Luka's fate from Charles and Gillian, and begins his search for Luka's body.
Left to his own devices, Frank also uses the internet in order to garner more business for the bar.
Monica, in her usual fashion, takes over completely, leaving Phoebe in charge of only cups and ice.
They call a truce, and Giles convinces them to work together to save Angel from Spike and Drusilla.
But when a student named Cassie calmly states that she has only a week to live, Buffy is at a loss.
Carla is reluctant to accept the crystal ball passed to her by the retiring psychic, Madame Lazora.
Mr Heckles dies, apparently while hitting his ceiling with a broom because of the noise from above.
Joey is auditioning for a sophisticated part in a play, so Rachel offers to help him look the part.
Chandler introduces himself to a good looking girl, Kathy, only to find out that she's dating Joey.
however, Amanda uses Ross as a babysitter so she can date another man, and Josh steals from Rachel.
Deep space, four days from Earth, 1981. The TARDIS materialises aboard a massive Urbankan starship.
Later, they realize Dennis wants them to improve their relationships and they air their grievances.
but then Emily sneaks out the window at the reception and apparently never wants to see Ross again.
Events on Earth reach a climax as Carrington is determined to start a war with the visiting aliens.
Gil Grissom is the supervisor of the graveyard shift of Las Vegas' elite crime scene investigators.
Soon her rampage begins again, but an influx of true magick makes her see the world in a new light.
Grissom is confronted with new evidence while on the stand of a murder trial of a restaurant owner.
Grissom, Warrick, and Sara investigate when a woman vanishes while taking part in a magician's act.
Meanwhile, Colonel Ditka has promised a much-needed water-heater if the 4077th beautifies the camp.
The body was dumped in the sewer opposite a house that turns out to be filled with high explosives.
Invisible animals are rampaging through town, destroying property and trampling a federal employee.
With the help of their space chicken friend, Niblet, Korn set's out to foil the ghosts evil scheme.
Meanwhile, the owner of City Wok finds himself with some competition when City Sushi comes to town.
Lennox, suffering from advanced ALS and now able to move only his eyes, is admitted with pneumonia.
meanwhile, Rachel's date falls through when a rain storm smears her name off the club's guest list.
In the video, Rachel's date doesn't show up and she's distraught about having to miss her own Prom.
Andrea Wyatt insists that mandatory minimums be added to a new drug policy the staff is developing.
Mark is still suffering from the after effects of his attack, snapping at patients and staff alike.
Leonard seeks Penny's counsel when his relationship with Stephanie takes off faster than he'd like.
They demonstrate it on the last strawberry in the universe and receive two apparently exact copies.
Carla tells Benton that Reese will be staying in Chicago because her husband lost his job transfer.
Meanwhile, Charles gives a lecture for Margaret, and the surgeons assist in the delivery of a calf.
Marion, tired of the monotony of everyday house chores, decides to enter a televised dance contest.
The travellers become cut off from the ship and Barbara is hailed as Yetaxa's divine reincarnation.
Later, Ross, without Rachel explains to Monica, Phoebe, Chandler and Joey what happened that night.
Ross and Chandler share personal information, which leads to some unpleasant side effects for Ross.
The nurse claims that she was attacked by one of the residents but also claims they were invisible.
Needing extra money, Chachi begins selling Incredo-Wax, a miracle product that will shine anything.
C.J. and Sam accompany Jed to a concert where they're each faced with people they'd rather not see.
Luka and Abby must struggle both to keep her alive and to understand the reasons behind the attack.
Baker drops out of the race, leaving the field free for Russell, who asks Josh to run his campaign.
America's Most Wanted comes to South Park and there is a big snowstorm, creating a tight situation.
Out of gratitude, Fonzie grants Potsie any one favor, and Potsie wants to pal around with the Fonz.
Principal Wood gives Buffy a bag of items that used to belong to his mother, the Slayer Nikki Wood.
Rabbit-phobic Bishop Brennan pays a visit to investigate reports of Father Jack sleepwalking naked.
Instead of a fight, Fonzie arranges a boxing match between Rebel and Ralph to settle their dispute.
Frank is totally overwhelmed by the responsibilities of fatherhood, having not slept in four years.
Sam has to convince Woody to help Cheers win a bowling match with Gary's Old Towne Tap a rival bar.
Something is smashing oil rigs off the Scottish coast, and UNIT have been called in to investigate.
Season Finale, Carter faces his last day in the ER, harshly grading Benton on an evaluation report.
Then multiple MVAs come in, quickly followed by two children suffering what appears to be smallpox.
Luka draws unhappiness from Abby when he sends in her med school reapplication without her consent.
Season Finale, When a drunk patient is admitted to the ER, his actions endanger everyone at County.
Meanwhile, Howard and Bernadette spy on Raj and Stuart after the two sneak in to use their hot tub.
Howard takes Raj to a university event so he can utilize his new found ability of talking to women.
Sheldon discovers a mistake that Leonard made years ago and forces him to walk a mile in his shoes.
Will the stress of being a rock star get to Stan now that his best friend is no longer by his side?
Ted is asked to compere the 'Lovely Girls' competition while Dougal is left in charge of the house.
Father Noel Furlong and his youth group turn up to put the final nail in the coffin of the holiday.
Amy Pond finds herself shoulder to shoulder with Vincent van Gogh, in a battle with a deadly alien.
The 4077th faces a sleepless night as Charles's snoring keeps B.J. and Hawkeye from counting sheep.
The CSI team investigates a fire at a club venue which killed 4 people, including two band members.
The CSI team is called in when a famous real estate entrepreneur is found dead in a hotel elevator.
Meanwhile, in the Fire Caves, Kai Winn and Dukat continue their efforts to release the Pah-wraiths.
The Hirogen capture and board Voyager, and use the holodecks to hunt the crew in various scenarios.
Toby also gives Josh campaign advice which includes plans to increase courtship of the Latino vote.
The real Doctor returns, and he and Steven escape just as the St Bartholomew's Day Massacre begins.
The future is such an overcrowded, desolate place that the only work to be found, lies in the past.
The day of the wedding has finally come and Xander and Anya are preparing for the hoards of guests.
The gang, including Phoebe's boyfriend, David travel to Barbados for Ross and Charlie's conference.
The gang decides to crash Maureen's wedding in order for Dennis to finally sever all ties from her.
The investigation of an apparent hit-and-run accident leads the CSIs into the world of aeronautics.
The Cybermen promises them a slim chance of survival, but have no intention of keeping their words.
The saga of the Gig Harbor Killer comes full circle as the CSI's close in on the ruthless murderer.
Olbes shows up out of uniform for a change, bringing in her grandfather, who has suffered a stroke.
This was a failed attempt in 1992 to make an Americanized version of the hit British sci-fi comedy.
Two teenage girls run over a deaf man with their car but they didn't kill him, he was already dead.
Phoebe, accompanied by Chandler and Joey goes to visit him, but eventually decides she's not ready.
, Until he gets the apartment, looks out the window, and suddenly has a return of his rage problem.
Walker is not able to arrest Mick Flanders because his sister is in the Witness Protection Program.
Walker must put a stop to rich kids who decide to help clean up the slums, by killing the homeless.
What's going on in South Park? Did the boys travel back in time, or is some sinister force at work?
Josh tries to smooth talk a governor who is considering running against the President in a primary.
While Janeway searches for a cure, she begins to form a deeper relationship with her first officer.
When Raj no longer receives money from his father, he asks Sheldon to help him manage his finances.
When she tries a spell to let her see magical influences, Buffy sees far more than she had planned.
Willow comes back to town with a powerful ally, but the First has a new piece on the board as well.
This causes Michael, the Archangel, to use Eve to force Xena into seducing Caligula and defeat him.
Without medical clearance, Kim becomes involved in a love affair with a member of the Varo species.
Kai Winn and Gul Dukat try to find a way of releasing the Pah-wraiths from the Fire Caves on Bajor.
But it's hard to keep the Warrior Princess down, who vows to find a way back to life and Gabrielle.
Jessica must look into the past, and the robbery he committed twenty years ago, to find the culprit.
Unfortunately, a DNA test sets him free and Grissom must wrestle with whether evidence can ever lie.
A couple leaving a restaurant on their anniversary are killed in the street and their car is stolen.
A depressed Dee channels years of abuse from the rest of the gang into a burgeoning stand-up career.
A domineering father forces a teenager to play beyond her desire and she suffers emotional problems.
A former mentor and colleague visits Carter in his time of need as he waits for a kidney transplant.
The thief turns out to be an ex-Marine and old comrade of Walker's who left him for dead in Vietnam.
A movie set in Rome is the setting for a more than they planned while filming a J.B. Fletcher novel.
A mysterious tablet is found in the ruins of B'hala, foretelling that The Reckoning will soon begin.
A new med student assigned to Carter finds all sorts of surprises in store for him on his first day.
A newspaper critic is kidnapped by the gang after he calls Paddy's pub the worst bar in Philadephia.
A young Kazon trying to earn his name and place among his people kidnaps and tries to kill Chakotay.
AD Skinner sends Mulder to investigate a body which washed into the New Jersey sewer from the ocean.
An unhappy Luka forms an unlikely bond with a lonely elderly woman who makes him a surprising offer.
He has incredible beginner's luck until Radar discovers that Charles whistles loudly when he bluffs.
After Voyager detects a Federation probe, the Kazon-Nistrim attack and steal transporter technology.
After Xena's death, Gabrielle returns to the Amazons, where she discovers that she has become Queen.
when Lucy returns to the father's exam area so she can draw his blood, she finds that he has bolted.
In the midst of their search, Mac falls in love with a transsexual he meets at the bar named Carmen.
Their lesson is not realized when Cartman begins to rally his fellow Gingers against the other kids.
Jessica's investigation is occasionally hampered by two abrasive yet well-meaning female detectives.
Monica and Chandler can't get to sleep and spend the night reading, talking, coupling, and cleaning.
Meanwhile, Raj and Leonard run into a restaurant customer who looks a lot like actor Nathan Fillion.
An unexpected visitor puts Clemente in the middle of a domestic dispute, and things don't look good.
B'Elanna and The Doctor respond to a distress call and come to the aid of a malfunctioning hologram.
Charlie and Dennis inquire about the guy through others, while Mac and Dee resort to cyber-stalking.
she soon feels left out because all the decisions get made on smoking breaks, and she doesn't smoke.
Buffy and Riley's relationship has reached a new level, and they are spending all their time in bed.
Henry's wife is in labor and gives birth while he has Radar calling the hospital every five minutes.
Mark flirts with infomercial director Iris, and a hidden camera captures some private conversations.
Susan's feud with Weaver intensifies when she demands all of Susan's procedures be cleared with her.
Carter is arrested when he refuses to honor a warrant seeking evidence in a domestic abuse incident.
Cartman reveals who masterminded the attacks of 9/11, while Kyle and Stan search for the real truth.
Joey begins dating Ursula, but that bothers Phoebe, who doesn't get along with her sister very well.
While Scully's cure appears to have worked, CSM faces his own enemies and disappears, presumed dead.
Miss Choksondik and Mr Mackey discover love and sex on their own, until an explosion rocks the town.
Scully's fears for the safety of her son are elevated when he is injected with an unknown substance.
Doug and Mark clash when each treats a seriously injured patient and want to use the same equipment.
Their guilt gets the better of them, however, and they arrange for Ross' application to be rejected.
England, 1988. The Nemesis comet, an artefact of tremendous power, returns to Earth after 350 years.
In pursuit of it are the ruthless lady Peinfort, a group of fascists and an old foe of the Doctor's,
But the Tracer readings are erratic and something ominous is happening with an ancient stone circle,
Frank runs into an old adversary at the gym when he begins teaching Dee to box after she was robbed.
He joined up to be a hero back home, but Hawkeye has him sent home, giving him Frank's purple heart.
Grissom, Sara, and Nick investigate the murder of a woman in the press box of a high school stadium.
Harry Kim arises one morning to find he is back in San Francisco on Earth with his girlfriend Libby.
He has an important contribution to make, a native remedy for a seemingly insoluble medical problem.
Hawkeye has been in non-stop surgery for 3 straight days without sleep, and the wounded keep coming.
Amy gets mad at Sheldon for taking Wil Wheaton's side and not hers, so he turns to Penny for advice.
It is thus up to the hero to neutralize Davros before he can foment a full-scale Dalek resurrection.
One CSI faces a hard choice by having the power of attorney over their injured friend and colleague.
But claiming his inheritance lands him in a web of lies and deceit over the nature of Morn's wealth.
Vinick and Santos try to kick each other politically while they focus on their messages of the week.
While investigating the murder, Jessica soon realises there's something else going on at the prison.
Jessica suddenly must learn all about football when she inherits an interest in a professional team.
Joanie thinks Chachi is losing interest in her, and Chachi thinks Joanie isn't taking him seriously.
Joey continues to keep Monica and Chandler's secret, although he's not to happy about keeping quite.
Monica and Phoebe throw Rachel a baby shower, but forget to invite her mother until the last minute.
They refuse and the simulant tells Kryten the code to a sealed file in his memory about his creator.
Howard realizes there's a crucial error in a toilet he designed for the International Space Station.
He arrives at the 4077th as a wounded soldier, and after being patched up he is married at the camp.
Light-hearted mystery cracking with Oscar-nominated actress Angela Lansbury as the part-time sleuth.
Upon failing that, he goes further back in time to give the invention to himself at boarding school.
Margaret re-evaluates her life, and decides to leave Frank and ask for a transfer, which is granted.
Michael Hagarty is involved in a case in Sicily which has many twists and turns including the Mafia.
Meanwhile, Charlie discovers the complexities of dealing with a termite invasion of the White House.
Nick Franco is a violent, two-timing gigolo and his current paramour, Laura Stanton, has had enough.
The changeling, Laas, dislikes and distrusts solids, and tries to convince Odo to feel the same way.
Just before she crumbles to dust she calls him Angelus and he recognizes her from his soulless past.
Charlie tries to figure out how to get Congress to support funding for the Earned Income Tax Credit.
This interrupts Ross's dates with Mona, and even makes him completely forget about her now and then.
He gets a call from Kenny, who is actually OK after riding underneath the bus all the way to Mexico.
Ross and Ben have a play date with the stripper from the bachelor party, which makes Rachel jealous.
Rachel runs into a former college sorority sister, Melissa with whom she made out once, while drunk.
Phoebe smuggles guests out of Monica's boring party and into Chandler and Joey's raging celebration.
Trapper loses a patient who developed complications during the O.R. fracas with the wounded soldier.
Rimmer decides he wants to stay aboard the ship, but the rules do not allow for any new crewmembers.
The good news is he's remembered that a money belt stuffed with cash is hidden in the bar somewhere.
It gets to be too much for Joey, and he decides to break up with her, which he's very nervous about.
Phoebe lends Monica money so she can make a more serious attempt to get her catering business going.
Sam gets upset when Carla gets sidetracked from revenge to romance with perennial nemesis John Hill.
Sam's ego is crushed when no one bids on his old baseball jersey during a public television auction.
Gallant reveals that the Army is sending him to Iraq, and he and Neela share a bittersweet farewell.
Neela learns of Ray's fate, then joins an anti-war rally and finds herself in a dangerous situation.
Carter makes a slow journey back to Chicago, and gets busted for smoking in the aircraft lavoratory.
The Lopez family gives Weaver full custody of Henry, and will take care of him while she is at work.
Also, Raj stays over at Howard's house creating some marriage tension between Howard and Bernadette.
Meanwhile, Howard is offered a chance to be a payload specialist on the International Space Station.
Cartman's percussion stylings are deemed inappropriate, so he decides to play General Robert E. Lee.
Stardate: Unknown Troi faces a recurring nightmare when the Enterprise is caught in a rift in space.
However, her feelings are tested when she learns the true nature of the Trills' symbiotic existence.
Stardate: Unknown Worf's son, Alexander, unexpectedly arrives on the Enterprise to visit his father.
In order to assist her in keeping her child in accordance with Tavnian law, Odo offers to marry her.
However, when he learns that he was misdiagnosed, cancelling the sale is more easily said than done.
The A-Team uses their own vehicles, Face's Corvette and B.A.'s van, as bait for a car-stealing ring.
Sam gets quite the shock when her mother comes into the ER. Neela makes a decision about her future.
The CSI's are called out to investigate the disappearance of a boy whose father died four years ago.
Skagra needs the book to reach the Time Lord prison Shada, which even the Time Lords have forgotten.
She notices Heather, who shows her a strange puddle, and soon a chase through time and space ensues.
The Enterprise must destroy an enormous space amoeba before it reproduces and threatens known space.
The Ice Warriors and the humans are in a standoff, each unsure of what the other's capabilities are.
The SEALs are sent in on a perilous mission to rescue a Navy plane shot down in North Korean waters.
The TARDIS arrives at a hotel of ever-changing rooms where each guest must face their greatest fear.
It is up to Chakotay, with extensive knowledge about the dream state, to save the ship and its crew.
Rimmer, always the brave, jumps in an escape pod but when it releases the ship begins to fall apart.
Chandler, nervous about a big meeting, has missed a night of sleep, and falls asleep in the meeting.
The justice computer passes his verdict on them, Kryten and Cat get off, Lister does so, but barely.
The remorseless Cybermen have arrived from Mondas and prepare to strip the planet of all its energy.
Nick looks into the murder of woman in the subculture of the narcocorrido, songs about drug murders.
And under the perverse justice of Millennius, the Doctor must proven his innocence to save his life,
So she poses as a maiden in distress to lure lolaus away and trick him into turningagainst Hercules.
The four of them have a confrontation and decide that Ross is Rachel's backup, and Joey is Phoebe's.
Tom Paris begins evolving into a higher organism after achieving warp 10 in an experimental shuttle.
Trapped in Jurassic Earth, the Doctor must figure out why the mysterious Kalid has drawn them there.
Voyager becomes trapped in an area of chaotic space, where the laws of physics are in constant flux.
When Deputy Martin becomes a widower by murder, the investigation turns up some surprising activity.
When Q's son becomes reckless and uncontrollable, Q places him in Captain Janeway's care for a week.
When Sheldon and Leonard learn their favorite TV scientist is available to hire, they seek to do so.
When Sheldon bans Penny from the apartment for numerous minor infractions, she decides to retaliate.
Across town, Warrick and Nick look into the apparent drug-related death of a sax player at a casino.
When a house is stolen completely off its foundation, The CSIs are on the case in search of answers.
But it isn't long before Stan's mom finds out and the boys have to work fast to stay out of trouble.
When the lead suspects in Grissom's serial killer case are murdered, Grissom suspects an inside job.
It is up to the crew of Deep Space Nine to try to re-educate her, while trying to find the original.
While on shore leave, several crew members take in matches of a popular bloodsport called Tsunkatse.
Elsewhere, the ultimate sacrifice is made by an unlikely savior in a bid to fix the town's problems.
It's up to the Doctor to defeat the Slitheen before the entire population of the Earth is wiped out.
However when Callisto unexpectedly returns from Hell to corrupt Xena and make Julius Caesar emperor.
Xena is shot by an arrow defending a small, peaceful settlement from a ruthless warlord and his son.
Doug helps an asthmatic teenage girl obtain needed medication when her mother is unable to afford it.
The Doctor must find a cure or he and his companions will be executed for bringing the plague aboard,
A pleasant cruise is marred by the discovery that there are thieves on board and possibly a murderer.
One of the deaths, however, is not what it seems, and this takes the case in an unexpected direction.
His brother confesses to the killing, but evidence suggests that he may not have committed the crime.
After escaping a research center, a boy with genius-level IQ gets Walker to help him find his mother.
However, as Al is auditioning other acts to round out the show, Avalon calls to say he can't make it.
As the Doctor investigates the mysterious International Electromatix, he finds help from an old ally.
As the gang get ready to celebrate Tara's birthday, her family arrives in town to take her back home.
Bartlet continues to struggle over the wisdom of assassinating the terrorist Qumari defense minister.
Because she's never been to his house or met his mother, Joanie thinks that Chachi is ashamed of her.
Fonzie surmizes that Chachi is embarrassed of his mother and uncle and of the fact that they're poor.
Carter fights Edson for the rights of an incompetent patient and bonds with Anspaugh in the meantime.
A doctor spends the entire day studying the ER as a model for a new hospital, and offers Susan a job.
Carla faces an audit while Rebecca's idol, her business school professor, makes an investment in Sam.
Warrick and Sara search for the missing bullet that will either exonerate or indict a cop for murder.
Chachi tells Joanie that he wants to date other girls and soon realizes that he's made a big mistake.
Monica caters her mother's party and pulls a Monica when she loses a fake nail in one of the quiches.
Everywhere they go, another honeymooning couple beats them to the last of the free newlywed upgrades.
Ross choses Rachel, but then she finds the list and decides she doesn't want to be with Ross anymore.
Charlie finds himself becoming more intelligent after agreeing to be part of a University drug study.
Hawkeye, Margaret and Radar complete a delicate operation amid the sound of gunfire from the Chinese.
Elizabeth pressures Susan to tell her what her husband is hiding, and figures out her husband's fate.
Mark goes on a date with Heather, and they end up at her place, but things don't go quite as planned.
Diane meets Frasier's mother, who quietly threatens to kill Diane if she doesn't leave Frasier alone.
Diane spends a dark and stormy night worrying that Andy Schroeder has escaped and is out to kill her.
He claims the source of that information, and, in fact, the one who helped him gain entry, is Mulder.
Beaming down from the Nerva Beacon, the Doctor and his friends discover Earth is habitable once more.
Eleanor Carter tends to a young leukemia patient, trying to make up for Bobby's death many years ago.
Chandler waits for news about whether his internship will turn into a permanent assistant's position.
He gets frustrated when his students don't pick everything up as quickly as he did when he was a kid.
Phoebe dreams about Mr Geller and starts to see him differently, until another dream ends it for her.
this prompts Ross to stand up and make some changes in the cafeteria, but it works a little too well.
according to The Eye Of The Hawk, BJ and Radar, it was Frank who was out of control with his regimen.
Carol's girls start daycare and she reveals to Mark that Doug has asked her to move to Seattle again.
The entire team gets involved when its discovered that a kidnapping took place along with the murder.
They console each other on their bad marriages and Rachel helps Ross realize that Carol is a lesbian.
The case involves a rare silver dollar, an icy dowager, and some suspicious-looking men with accents.
It's Heather's birthday, but Fonzie, along with Potsie and Roger has to report for the Army reserves.
but a freak accident during practice results in Cartman believing that he is a Vietnamese prostitute.
Jamie and Arden go off into the ice to investigate the Ice Warrior ship and possibly rescue Victoria.
Josh assumes a diplomatic role when the Palestinians approach him to initiate settlement discussions.
Jessica hits the slopes at a ski lodge, but finds that her skills as an amateur sleuth are in demand.
Jessica teams up with Harry McGraw when an argument over stud fees results in someone ending up dead.
Jed asks Fitz to come out of retirement to accompany the Congressional delegation to the Middle East.
Kirk becomes involved in an arms race when the Klingons equip a native people with superior weaponry.
Frank tries to send a priceless Korean treasure home and also tries to keep a ring Margaret gave him.
Kyle is committed to a mental hospital because everyone thinks he's crazy for believing in Mr Hankey.
Leonard, hoping to fit in with Penny's football-loving friends, gets tutored in the sport by Sheldon.
But how does it involve the Doctor's old enemies, and why are they on Earth at this point in history?
Marion goes on a show called Dreams Can Come True in which three women tell their stories of tragedy.
Many of the firm's clients are invited, which worries Angel since so many of them are genuinely evil.
Ray treats the victim of an unusual fall, and Alex's troubles continue to intrude on Sam's work life.
Margaret and Hawkeye seek solace from enemy fire in each other's arms and end up, briefly, as lovers.
Carol treats a college student who was given Rohypnol, a date rape drug, at a party the night before.
Abby has a major cold, but cannot leave the hospital, due to most of the nurses being at the wedding.
Luka and Carter clash over the treatment of an injured cop and a prisoner with a dislocated shoulder.
Ross announces that he can prove his side of the story, because he has the whole thing on video tape.
Monica runs into Richard but doesn't want Chandler to know, because it might spoil their anniversary.
Monica and Rachel start arguing and end up listing all their worst qualities in front of their dates.
Rachel and Ross hire a male nanny, Sandy to care for Emma, but he's too sensitive for Ross's comfort.
Buffy seizes the opportunity to impress Angel by dressing as a woman from the time when he was human.
On State of the Union night, Sam is being trailed by a magazine reporter to whom he was once engaged.
Despite a difficult first day, both professionally and medically, Nathan makes a difficult diagnosis.
Paris, 1979. The Doctor and Romana are here on holiday, but something is disturbing the flow of time.
Obviously Rimmer is worn out from all this and takes some anesthetic to cool down his nether regions.
Problems arise between Amy, Penny and Bernadette because Sheldon tried something new and spontaneous.
He thinks she's interested in him, so he seeks advice from Ross and Chandler on how they repel women.
Ross agrees but is actually freaked out, and he's forced to consider where the relationship is going.
When another talent agency steals him away, they find their next star in Wing, the wife of Mr Lu Kim.
Record pirates kidnap the Lynn sisters, hoping their disappearence will help sales of their bootlegs.
Later, Howard tells Richie that he can close the store at 5:00 PM leaving him free to go to the show.
They find three girls but, later, find their boyfriends who are members of a gang called the Dragons.
But it spells bad news for Rimmer, when Cassandra, Geraldine McEwan predicts that he is going to die.
Rocked by the recent news of drug use by a beloved icon, the world is left feeling lost and betrayed.
Roger's family sends his brother, Flip, to Milwaukee with the hope that Roger can straighten him out.
Phoebe brings David, Joey brings Sandy, someone he met while working as an elf in a department store.
Ross' mother stops by with her mother's engagement ring and a suggestion that Ross propose to Rachel.
Acting on information from the police, they follow a lead to Iowa, then eventually head for Colorado.
Meanwhile, Carter's parents return to town for his grandfather's funeral, which Abby briefly attends.
Meanwhile, the training required to be an astronaut has Wolowitz wondering if he has the right stuff.
Sisko is forced to evacuate the station when the war escalates and turns in favour of the terrorists.
The Founder Leader orders the execution of Damar, Garak and Kira after Jem'Hadar forces capture them.
Meanwhile, on Bajor, Kai Winn recites from the Kosst Amojan in an attempt to release the Pah-wraiths.
Skinner destroys evidence to cover up a woman's death and poses as Agent Mulder to complete the task.
Stan, Kyle and Cartman are not pleased with the job Butters is doing as the their replacement friend.
C.J. enlists Leo's help in freeing a White House reporter kidnapped while on assignment in the Congo.
Doctor Pulaski must force Riker's mind back to a state where it can access primitive survival skills.
This double has been on the planet for the past eight years and still has romantic feelings for Troi.
Stardate: Unknown Data is disturbed by the claims of a woman who says she is Noonien Soong's ex-wife.
The A-Team employs a new method to prepare B.A. for a flight to South America after several attempts.
In Las Vegas they manage to free the professor, but the casino owner and kidnapper has been murdered.
The A-Team uses a football game as a cover to sneak a chemical warfare scientist out of East Germany.
The CSI team is brought in to investigate when a man is found murdered at an elaborate holiday party.
The CSI team is called in to investigate a robbery-homicide at an Alice In Wonderland themed wedding.
The Cadillac of an infamous 1970's mob boss turns up in a lake, even though he disappeared years ago.
Aided by the Rattigan Academy, the Sontarans establish a covert base at the mysterious ATMOS Factory.
The original inhabitants of Telos have plans of their own, and it is unclear whose side Lytton is on.
The Doctor, Bill, and Nardole travel to a space station in the future in response to a distress call.
The crew encounter a cloud of fog from an imploded supernova and have no choice but to go through it.
Monica and Pete are about to stop seeing each other, but then they kiss, and Monica finally feels it.
The discovery of a prop ring from The Lord of the Rings movies puts a strain on the guys' friendship.
The female head of a museum hires one of the guards to rob the museum to collect the insurance money.
The gang sets out to spruce up Paddy's image in order to gain the respect of the bartending industry.
The entire team is engaged in a race against time to stop this sadistic killer from succeeding again.
The life of a famous artist is threatened on what would be otherwise an idyllic Mediterranean island.
The murder of a popular sideshow performer sends the team behind the scenes at a carnival freak show.
The universe's most deadliest species gather above a quiet planet to investigate a mysterious signal.
Trivette's brother, Simon, is arrested by the Rangers, and finds out Simon has been told to kill him.
Walker and Trivette chance upon a planned train robbery after Trivette gets them work on a movie set.
Walker and Trivette come close to apprehending the leader of a drug ring they've put out of business.
When suspicion falls on a nearby factory, he must prevent the Cherokee from waging vigilante justice.
When a preacher friend of Walker's dies, his military son, Trent, returns to take care of the family.
Meanwhile, an old girlfriend re-enters Trivette's life, and he decides not to let her get away again.
When the University reassigns Sheldon's parking spot to Wolowitz, their fight affects the whole gang.
Amy takes Willow to a sorcerer named Rack whose particular brand of magick quickly has Willow hooked.
While searching for the right wedding dress, Monica meets Megan, another woman engaged to be married.
He soon finds himself at odds with both the ER and ICU staff over an appropriate course of treatment.
Meanwhile, aboard the Krenim weapon-ship, Paris and Chakotay clash over the best way to save Voyager.
However, if Xena kills him, then she will inherit his throne and be forced to take his place in Hell.
Xena tells the tale of how Grindl was created, when the Valkyrie Grinhilda put on the Rheingold ring.
Meanwhile, an old couple dies, apparently in their sleep, but there is evidence the cases are related.
Mac sees the benefits in being a pro-life advocate, while Dennis uses an abortion rally to meet women.
A holo-novel is discovered in the computer banks, in which Chakotay raises a Maquis mutiny on Voyager.
Grissom goes to Jackpot to find the rest of the body and gets very little cooperation from the locals.
The Doctor must navigate a maze of betrayal and suspicion to figure out the mystery of the Dragonfire.
A village is being overtaxed by King Xerxes when the Black Wolf comes and gives them their money back.
Susan can't find anybody to fill it, then discovers Neela working across the street at the Jumbo Mart.
Also, Lindsey Willows is found hitchiking to the alarm of Catherine, and Greg has another replacement.
After Charles is nearly felled by a sniper's bullet, he develops a philosophical obsession with death.
After a coded Cardassian message from the Gamma Quadrant is detected, Garak and Worf attempt a rescue.
Pratt buys a birthday gift for Chen from a street vendor whose foot was run over by Elizabeth's nanny.
An investigation into a series of carjacking leads Walker to a man who put a $1 million bounty on him.
When a mirror happens to be in just the wrong place, however, she begins to suspect what he really is.
Anya grants a young woman's wish, and the violent and deadly act of vengeance leaves everyone stunned.
Bartlet and his current staff, as well as some friends from the past, come together for Leo's funeral.
Things get a little tense, however, when Ross wants Joey to work and Chandler wants to play 'Fireball.
Susan discovers Div has dropped out of sight, having both quit his job and moved out of his apartment.
Cleo is blamed for an explosion in the suture room, that might actually have been Doctor Dave's fault.
as the hours pass without any word on Zoey's whereabouts, tensions increase within the Bartlet family.
Borg children who were rejected by the Borg as unworthy drones abduct Chakotay, Kim, Neelix and Paris.
Riley is even more agitated when he sees Buffy with Spike, Hostile 17 and then again at Willy's Place.
Finally fed up with the other boys teasing him, Butters is determined to catch up to the rest of them.
Meanwhile, prostitution in South Park has gotten out of control and an overly dedicated cop wages war.
Chandler realizes he's put on some weight, so he agrees to let Monica be his personal fitness trainer.
Chandler's roommate, Eddie, begins to show signs of instability, He's obsessed with his ex-girlfriend.
Charles plans a scheme to get rich when he discovers that blue scrip is going to be exchanged for red.
Cheers' gets another chance of losing a contest to their cross-town rivals at Gary's Old Towne Tavern.
Things get even more complicated when Lorne reads her mind and sees a terrifying vision of the future.
Country-singer Merrilee needs Walker's protection from her estranged ex husband who's threatening her.
Even though she doesn't like guns, Dee feigns an interest in them to impress her new boyfriend, Colin.
Dennis, Mac, and Frank go into real estate, while Dee sets out to be a surrogate for a wealthy couple.
Despite the fact that Ross said Rachel in his vows instead of Emily, they go through with the wedding.
Doggett catches someone in the X-files office trying to steal documents pertaining to Mulder's sister.
As The Doctor attempts to treat him, the crew of Voyager must find a way to track down these Vidiians.
Julia holds a service to bless the ER and remember the patients that have been lost through the years.
Unfortunately a robot is capturing a group of human soldiers on behalf of its mysterious alien master,
Faith has tricked Angelus into feeding on her, thus imbibing a powerful narcotic along with her blood.
Meanwhile, the gang brings an old friend from Sunnydale to help with the search for Angel's lost soul.
Fonzie's adoption request is reconsidered after a stern talk by Howard to the adoptions administrator.
Frasier and Lilith invite Sam and Diane over for dinner to celebrate their first week of cohabitation.
Fred is on the run from the rest of the Angel Investigations gang, and the entire city of Los Angeles.
Fred must find a way to show Angel and the rest what she has seen before they manage to hunt her down.
No less than three of the Doctor's former incarnations and several of his companions are brought here.
The ER gets a letter for Lucy, informing her that she had matched the County General psych department.
Nick and Sara comb through the remains of a car bombing that was, apparently, a murder plot gone awry.
There he finds out that Uncle Buckle is in trouble, since someone is using his toys to smuggle heroin.
A Colonel tries to sell them one, and then they get into trouble with a General at a press conference.
and Potter tries to secure a different sort of anesthetic when the army threatens to ban a painkiller.
Howard and Raj try to find the perfect match for Sheldon by setting him up on an Internet dating site.
In the spirit of Thanksgiving, the gang tries to make amends with those they have wronged in the past.
A male student, Ned reveals he's in love with Ross, claiming that's why he's doing so poorly in class.
Randy Marsh figures out the reason everyone is combusting is because they are withholding their farts.
With each shift, she comes closer to a solution but she also grows months and years younger at a time.
They replace his head but the rage still flows through him and they eventually run out of spare heads.
Jessica and Seth look into the murders trying to clear Lila's name and prove who the real murderer is.
Lucy struggles to get patient Valerie in for surgery when an infection threatens her heart transplant.
Later, Luka finds himself in a tense confrontation with Ames, and Abby must act to protect her family.
Mark tries to get a congestive heart failure patient with Down Syndrome on to a heart transplant list.
Chandler accidentally kisses Monica good-bye in from of the others, so then has to kiss all the girls.
they both take care of him in the hospital but begin getting very competitive and possessive over him.
Phoebe wants to give Monica and Chandler some time alone, so she moves in with Ross for a couple days.
however, due to a cancellation, the museum calls and offers her a spot sooner, to Chandler's surprise.
Murdock is kidnapped by bounty hunters that hope to use him as bait to capture the rest of the A-Team.
When Catherine and Riley go to the club Catherine discovers her daughter Lindsey there with a fake ID.
Old friends who own a restaurant sponsored by the A-Team face an extortion threat from a Chinese tong.
Warrick looks into a murder in juvenile detention in which his young friend James is the only witness.
Paintball leads to a squabble between Sheldon and Penny, as well as romance between Howard and Leslie.
Paris Hilton has opened a new clothing store at the South Park Mall and Wendy thinks it demeans women.
People in a sleepy Arizona town are threatened by a truck-stop bandit and suspicious treasure hunters.
while eating dinner at her place, the chick and the duck upset Joshua, who has a phobia of farm birds.
since his apartment is being remodeled and his parents are out of town, they go to his parents' house.
Quentin Travers and a team from the Watchers Council arrive in Sunnydale with information about Glory.
While packing, Chandler finds a pair of fur-lined handcuffs and has trouble tracking down their owner.
Raj plans a scavenger hunt for the group that tests their science skills as well as their life skills.
Rebecca impresses Sam and the boys when she shows them Robin's fancy apartment while he's out of town.
In a misguided effort to apologize, Chandler proposes marriage, an offer which Monica does not accept.
Ross struggles with the conflict between his own interest in Charlie and Joey's desire to impress her.
With all of the attendings at Carter's party, the three interns manage the traumas until Luka arrives.
Corday receives a letter from Romano informing her that he won't be sponsoring her the following year.
Carter restarts his residency, this time in the ER. A man is paralyzed while breaking up a gang fight.
Gul Dukat is possessed by a Pah-wraith in an attempt to destroy the Bajoran Wormhole and the Prophets.
Slowly, the Doctor and Ace unravel mystery of a spaceship hidden in the cellar of a Victorian mansion.
Cartman, Stan and Kyle end up having to hold auditions for a new kid to take dear sweet Kenny's place.
Stardate: Unknown The Ferengi hand over an old ship which Picard once captained, the U.S.S. Stargazer.
Stardate: Unknown A custody battle emerges over an orphaned Cardassian boy who was raised by Bajorans.
Her only chance for survival is if Deanna can probe her subconscious and find out what is killing her.
Bashir and Sisko are taken to a homeless compound while Dax is taken care of by a wealthy businessman.
The team have to work out why the site is so important to Denham and just who he's really working for.
The A-Team comes to the aid of an auto mechanic being driven out of business by a ruthless competitor.
Their assignment is to transport explosives to Zimbabwe, where they run into some violent mine owners.
The A-Team takes up the cause of New York City shopkeepers against neighborhood protection racketeers.
The CSIs crash an elegant party for the city's cr`eme de la cr`eme to discover who killed a young man.
The case gets a little personal for Catherine when her father, Sam Braun, becomes one of the suspects.
Meanwhile on the station, Quark attempts to keep Odo distracted while planning an illegal transaction.
The Doctor and Jo are prisoners of guerillas who have come back in time to kill an important diplomat.
Can they find proof of his evil intentions? And what exactly is Salamander doing in his records room ?
The ER must be evacuated when several workers from a chemical plant track benzene all over the floors.
Only one of the bishops dies, Ted therefore considers this to have been a relatively successful visit.
The Morestran probe is under attack from without and within, its commander fraying under the pressure.
Butters is down, Cartman is infuriated and the rest of the boys are scared it's going to happen again.
As the others start to recover, Hawkeye falls ill but he still manages to operate when wounded arrive.
The citizens of South Park are gearing up for the arrival of Hillary Clinton for a big campaign rally.
After passing through unreality pockets, they decide to go into stasis until they get through the fog.
The eighth Doctor and former companions Romana and K-9 visit his old friend Professor Chronotis at St.
Unfortunately, the pod goes through a worm hole on the way down, causing Rimmer to shift back in time.
The increased strength and speed given to Riley by the Initiative are starting to tear his body apart.
Drawn here by a mysterious distress signal, the Doctor becomes the prisoneres of the ruthless Adrasta.
The secrets of Giles's dark past come back to haunt him when an old friend turns up dead in Sunnydale.
It seems that Chef's new sense of adventure has gotten the better of him and the boys try to save him.
They send a scouter which reports that there is a scientist named Doctor Lanstrom inside the facility.
If she doesn't, mortals will not be able to control their anger and she'll never recover her own body.
She's now known as Livia, the Bitch of Rome, a bloodthirsty warrior with Ares as her mentor and lover.
Voyager encounters a Cardassian missile ship, which Torres re-programmed while working for the Maquis.
Carter's day as chief resident is marred a little when his grandmother comes to the ER after slipping.
While Henry is away in Seoul, Burns and Houlihan are in charge, and Hawkeye is the officer of the day.
Harry's appearance on the home world begins to raise questions about the existence of their afterlife.
However, he is pushed to the limit when Tuvok's negative attitude toward him becomes too much to bear.
While the gang prepares for their Christmas vacation, Angel is haunted by visions of his violent past.
While the paramedics try to save Buffy, Willow desperately calls on Osiris to bring Tara back to life.
Columbo will have to use Adrian's excellent wine knowledge against him to bring the killer to justice.
Weaver has her purse snatched on the street by a perpetrator who later appears in the ER as a patient.
The gang must solve the problems of an entire world, and still manage to find a way back to their own.
Meanwhile, Hawkeye wrestles with his conscience over a promise made to a dying soldier, Eddie Hastings.
A Space Corps Law Enforcement Vessel chases Starbug and the crew make a crash landing on a GELF planet.
The woman was burned to an ash but only the chair she was in was burned, the rest of the house is fine.
Peter is sued by Roger for custody and takes a DNA test to determine whether he is Reese's real father.
After an awkward exchange of words, Stan is invited to Gary's house, where he learns all about Mormons.
Moretti and Abby's interactions intensify, and Abby finds herself at a dark and frightening crossroads.
A prominent lawyer wakes to find himself in jail and about to be prosecuted for the murder of his wife.
To make Catherine's life more complicated, Eddie has taken out a second mortgage without her knowledge.
A writer of murder mysteries wreaks revenge on her nephew-in-law by blaming him for her niece's murder.
The girl's body is soon found and the team discovers that she's been dead for longer than they thought.
Doggett and Mulder must attempt to stop the spread of the alien virus while avoiding the infected crew.
After Sidney's assurances that he is as sane as can be, Hawkeye's life once again seems to settle down.
After killing a human for the first time in decades, he remembers what it is like to be a true vampire.
Josh faces off with Joey Lucas about his staff's not backing her candidate as vigorously as she'd like.
Amy recognizes a dinner invitation to be a chance for Bernadette to spy on Leonard and Priya for Penny.
An inept North Korean pilot, known as 5 O'Clock Charlie, makes his daily attempt to bomb the ammo dump.
Angel must fight through a gauntlet of foes to discover the one thing that can nullify Jasmine's power.
And, after returning from Mrs Wolowitz' funeral, Bernadette and Howard run into trouble at the airport.
Bernadette tells Howard that it's time to choose between moving in with her or staying with his mother.
the staff anxiously awaits test results to determine the possibility of an outbreak of mad-cow disease.
Carla's formidable mother demands on her deathbed that Carla name one of her children Benito Mussolini.
Div continues to battle his demons, and ends up wandering in the rain down the middle of a busy street.
Cartman is furious when he believes that the school has posted their penis sizes on the bulletin board.
Phoebe needs her guitar and Joey wants food, so they call the superintendent saying there's a gas leak.
Chandler and Monica go to Ohio to be interviewed by the birth mother, Erica of their prospective child.
Monica's finds a new job creating Thanksgiving recipes for Mockolate, a synthetic chocolate substitute.
The next day, Eddie goes on a fruit drying kick and has no recollection of their previous conversation.
Carter and Abby take a road trip to Oklahoma to pick up Maggie, who has locked herself in a motel room.
The Doctor has joined him and seem ready to sacrifice everything, including Peri, to save his own skin,
Data experiences the complexities of love when he becomes romantically involved with a fellow crewmate.
When they are invited into the home of an eccentric old man, however, things take a turn for the weird.
Mark goes to bat for Pickman when she inadvertently leaves a severely injured man at an accident scene.
Doctor Corday's father visits from overseas in an attempt to convince her to join his medical practice.
Carol finds out the gender of the baby, but Ross doesn't want to know, even though everyone else knows.
Father Mulcahy counsels a GI who is plagued by guilt because he has swapped tags with a dead colleague.
When he doesn't return from the funeral parlor after bringing back the hearse, the guys fear the worst.
Fonzie is accused of hitting a trouble-making student but refuses to testify at a school-board hearing.
Joey is hurt when Ross won't sit next to him at lunch, the white coats don't sit with the blue blazers.
Unfortunately, this cat is not very nice, and a scratched-up Rachel ends up selling the cat to Gunther.
Quark and Rom accompany the Mirror Ezri back to her universe where they are captured and held prisoner.
Grissom and the team join forces with Jack Malone, an FBI Agent from New York to track a serial killer.
In Boston, Jessica and Seth are captured by the angry son of one of Seth's patients who didn't survive.
In need of a special surgical clamp, Hawkeye and B.J. hire Mr Shin, a local jewelry dealer, to make it.
In this Emmy winning episode, Kenny is the first kid in South Park to get the new Playstation Portable.
As Manhattan finds itself in the grip of The Great Depression, people are disappearing off the streets.
Father Ted is determined not to go as Mother Teresa again, but he isn't the only one to think of Elvis.
Jessica gets herself into a mess of trouble after overhearing the dying words of a professional hitman.
Prior to the dance, however, Fonzie's motorcycle breaks down, and he is forced to push it for 12 miles.
they have a hard time selling it but and easy time being robbed by a prospective buyer, thanks to Joey.
Ross sympathizes and decides to change Ned's grade for the better, until he finds out it's just a scam.
She becomes horribly irritable, and desperate to try anything to induce labor, including sex with Ross.
When he shows up at her office to pick her up, he's ambushed into speaking at an anti-violence meeting.
Kem accompanies Carter to work and manages to annoy about half the hospital over the course of the day.
Kochanski devises a plan to make the simulants think that they planted a bomb on the ship, which works.
Lister samples one and is astounded by the taste, saying that it is brilliant, so succulent and divine.
Furthermore, many of the clients are familiar with Angel as a Champion of good and are very suspicious.
Lost behind enemy lines, Hawkeye and Margaret form a personal truce and seek shelter in a roadside hut.
Pratt has a new lady in his life, and a new roommate, while Gates has a different kind of girl-trouble.
a Palestinian leader is assassinated and Bartlet wants to attend the funeral despite security concerns.
Carter gets on Anspaugh's bad side when he exaggerates a patient's condition to book an operating room.
Ross gets upset and demands all his stuff back, including a tiny t-shirt that Rachel likes to sleep in.
He has been trying to cut the budget by giving the nurses fewer shifts and filling the rest with temps.
Leo contends with a Russian ambassador who denies that a fire has broken out in a nuclear missile silo.
However, Buffy discovers that Angel has somehow escaped Acathla's hell dimension and returned to Earth.
Now Buffy must find a way to tell the gang that Oz may be innocent and to keep them from killing Angel.
she tells them it's actually a new dress and ends up having to wear it while they all go out to dinner.
Because Ross is missing too much of his child's pregnancy, Joey suggests that Rachel move in with Ross.
Ross helps her understand how great it will be to have a baby, and invites her to have a cup of coffee.
Ross goes too far when he whitens his teeth in preparation for a date with Hillary, Monica's co-worker.
Valentine's Day is ruined for Chandler after he watches a child-birth video, which he mistook for porn.
Richie, who is running for class president, gets his picture taken at a massage parlor by his opponent.
Warrick and Nick investigate the case of a man who went over a cliff in his car and is now unconscious.
Sam proposes to Diane again and ends up charged with assault and battery when she turns him down again.
Several months after Deep Space Nine was handed over to the Dominion, the Federation is losing the war.
Meanwhile, Penny steps in and takes care of Halley when Bernadette and Howard both wind up on bed rest.
Carter's high from the admission of Mrs Rubadoux to the study ends when she shows no signs of recovery.
After joining his new religion, the other members realize that he is the reincarnation of their leader.
While Kyle is watching Terrance and Phillip, his mother becomes enraged, and calls everybody's parents.
Stardate: Unknown While en route to Gul Dukat's war crimes hearing, the ship carrying them is attacked.
However, they are not the only ones interested, because the Dominion is anxious to retrieve the vessel.
Suffering from toothache, the Doctor puts down in Tombstone, Arizona days before the infamous gunfight.
Carol agrees to become management in exchange for an end to the policy of floating ER nurses elsewhere.
The CSI team investigates the death of a woman full of alcohol and drugs in a pool at a rehab facility.
The CSI's investigate when the sister of a Cuban singer is murdered and Hodges starts to get cold feet.
Skagra is imprisoned by his own Ship, and Chronotis returns to Earth to resume his peaceful retirement.
As they unravel its mysteries, they discover a terrible danger that could threaten the entire Universe!
The Doctor must reason with Drathro to prevent an explosion that could wipe out an entire civilization.
The Doctor, Jamie and Zoe finally force their way into the citadel at the heart of the land of fiction.
The Enterprise is taken over by a group of androids who are working for Kirk's old nemesis, Harry Mudd.
The Great Intelligence finally brings the Doctor into its lair, intending to completely drain his mind.
The Master launches his plan to uncover the secret of Logopolis and unleashes a force beyond imagining.
During dinner, C.J. likens men to salmon while dealing with a waitress who is not all that fond of her.
The operation becomes too conspicuous and unprofitable in South Park, so they try a rich Denver suburb.
Kryten finds the half of the triplicator he needs to merge the ships in order to get the original back.
Meanwhile, Kovac confronts Pratt about his attitude, and we see how each is touched by Charlie's story.
However, they soon encounter a new threat, in a species even more powerful and dangerous than the Borg.
The entire team grieves for their fallen friend, while unknown to them, the killer is one of their own.
Sam and Babish grill Abbey about her medical treatment of the President's MS. a crisis erupts in Haiti.
Sam finds out that the woman he picked up in a bar and spent the night with is a high-priced call girl.
Greg reveals a family secret to Grissom but Grissom believes that science will be what solves the case.
Joey learns of Rachel's feelings for him, but doesn't feel he can do anything about it because of Ross.
They secure a gig, but Richie and Potsie lose the money, including that of Ralph and Bag playing poker.
He is unsure of what to do, since telling the police would violate the sacred seal of the confessional.
Wesley becomes an official part of Angel Investigations just in time to take part in their latest case.
However the evil Titan Hyperion exposes her and plans to use her to release hundreds of dormant Titans.
Meanwhile, K. C.'s parents visit for Christmas, and a rivalry between Howard and his brother reignites.
Meanwhile, Bernadette and Amy try to help Penny deal with Leonard's continuing relationship with Priya.
When a lawyer preparing to file a scathing police brutality lawsuit is found dead, Walker investigates.
When spring arrives, Klinger gets word from home that his sweetheart back in Toledo wants to marry him.
With Howard AWOL with one of her friends, Penny is recruited to fill in for him on the guys' Halo team.
The watch is still missing, and the Family of Blood will do anything to get their hands on a Time Lord,
With their parents in jail, Kenny and his brother and sister find themselves in the foster care system.
Wolfram & Hart summon a demon and charge him with the task of separating Angel from the Powers That Be.
A Korean restaurant owner threatens to get Paddy's kicked off the route for the city's annual pub crawl.
Ross' search leads him back to New York, where Marcel is filming Outbreak II, The Virus Takes Manhattan.
Neela discovers she's no longer Dubenko's favorite, and Gates has an unexpected, and unwelcome, visitor.
The crew must find the imposters soon, or they, themselves will be punished for the con artists' crimes.
A health club owner kills his partner who is about to uncover a fraud and makes it look like an accident
Weaver recruits staffers to participate in a study on sleep deprivation combined with physical activity.
A mother grieving over the loss of her family three years earlier becomes the prime suspect in the case.
A robbery of their apartment sees Leonard and Sheldon call on their friends to devise a security system.
Meanwhile, Sheldon offers relationship advice to Raj after he sees Emily at the movies with another man.
This was part of a larger plan that was meant to extort millions of dollars from other wealthy families.
Paul Sobricki is admitted with a head lac, and Abby unsuccessfully tries to keep Carter from seeing him.
He also meets with Chen, who reveals that she has the evidence to take Weaver down in the Marfan's case.
After Angelus apparently kills Lilah, Wesley realizes that they will need help finding and stopping him.
After Paris and Torres tie the knot, the ship and its crew start to disintegrate on the molecular level.
A former ER staff member rushes in to be with her son, who was brought in after a fall during gym class.
After going to their first live WWE wrestling event, the boys all want to become professional wrestlers.
He ponders why he and Lisa broke up, prompting Lister to realize that he was foolish to ever let her go.
Naturally, he calls Dateline so he can get on National TV and take full advantage of his new found life.
Who is the mangled creature claiming to be the Doctor? And what happened to the Brigadier six years ago?
He goes to make the formula but realises that it has reverted to the corrosive substance and is useless.
An old established store has closed for the last time and its accountant won't have to find another job.
As the police sort out events, Luka, Abby and Sam try to save the victim in the aftermath of a shooting.
An up-and-coming movie star is found dead in his hotel room after a night of partying with his groupies.
Cordelia, hurt that Angel did not tell her about his night with Darla, takes Darla's side in the matter.
Meanwhile AD Kersh informs Agent Doggett that he has been assigned as Mulder's successor on the X-Files.
The ER struggles to get back to normal, as old staffers play new roles, and new personnel come on board.
Sam gives Ainsley another chance to meet the President, but she still fails to create a good impression.
However, his father must now face a jail term or his son Julian will be court-martialled from Starfleet.
Meanwhile, Willow worries when Oz doesn't appear anxious to take their relationship to a physical level.
Buffy notices that Dawn is spending a lot of time around Spike and assumes that Dawn has a crush on him.
C.D. must rescue Walker and Trivette after they get trapped in Texas' backlands while tracking brothers.
Captain Kirk's career is at stake when he is put on trial for the loss of a crewman during an ion storm.
Cartman has been absent for school for some time, and the boys go to his house to find out what's wrong.
Whenever Rachel is around, Ross goes out of his way to mention Amanda, a single mother he's been seeing.
But first they have to keep the women from doing anything crazy in their competition for RJ's affection.
After destroying an asteroid, the ship becomes infected with parasites that eat away at the ship's hull.
The city has been sealed to protect it from the Plague, although Rosanna Calvierri may have other plans,
Not trusting Mr and Mrs Burkle, the gang prepares to protect Fred from them, providing she can be found.
The mirror universe's Ezri arrives on Deep Space Nine and offers an exchange, a cloaking device for Zek.
Cleo asks Benton to overrule Corday's surgical advice concerning a teenager who was in an auto accident.
Grissom investigates the mysterious hanging death of a young man whose body looks like that of a female.
Both cases take place during this 'cop' competition, with more than 20.000 attendants, all of them cops.
Hawkeye and Trapper want the army to admit responsibility for the accidental bombing of a local village.
The subject of Mr Rostenkowski's weekend fishing trip comes up and Howard is hooked into going with him.
Imprisoned on Skaro by the scheming Daleks, the Doctor and his companions work to escape their clutches.
Meanwhile, an investor at one of Sam Braun's new casinos is shot to death during a party on the rooftop.
In the midst of a deluge of patients and their individual medical histories, the 4077th is out of blood.
That is, until she upstages him in the operating room with a superior technique, and his ego is bruised.
As it turns out, Southside is closed instead, and County takes on a new chief of staff, Doctor Anspaugh.
Jessica is brought into the case of a murdered financier and the theft of his wife's diamonds in Monaco.
Jessica agrees to stay with Abby for awhile longer, and to look into who may have killed Denton Langley.
By the time he's done with work, their plans are ruined, so they spend the night together in the museum.
since she's against using fur, she plans to cremate it, until she sees herself wearing it in the mirror.
Anspaugh and Kayson advise Ruby to have surgery, but Abby tries to get him to consider the alternatives.
When Chef finds out about Kyle he makes everyone believe in Mr Hankey, who appears finally to everybody.
This doesn't last long though, as in his excitement he hits two crates of dynamite and blows himself up.
Rimmer's presence among the crew is threatened by the arrival of a new hologram in the form of Katerina.
A group of street kids come to the ER when they think one has rabies, and find a guardian angel in blue.
Mac confides in a priest about how he believes his friends are the ones responsible for his weight gain.
Meanwhile, the strain of motherhood may be catching up with Corday when she falls asleep during surgery.
Susan discovers what happened to Div when she spies his picture in a cabbie's dating service photo book.
He tries to juggle hunger pangs, 40+ patients in the waiting room, and a never-ending stream of traumas.
Joey continues to date Ursula, which interferes with his friendship with Phoebe, he misses her birthday.
Meanwhile, the shooting of AD Skinner uncovers evidence that could lead Scully to her sister's murderer.
Once again Mrs Garrison gets dumped, but this time she decides to take it out on her fourth grade class.
Phoebe suffers from a small bladder, mood swings, kicking babies, false labor, and other pregnancy woes.
Abby senses something is not what is seems when she treats a precocious 12-year-old and her grandmother.
Rachel gets some bad news about the job for which she's been interviewing, and gets aggressive at cards.
Meanwhile, Buffy receives some much-needed comfort from an old friend who comes to town for the funeral.
Rimmer receives an SOS Distress Call from a doomed ship commanded by his all-conquering brother, Howard.
Meanwhile, Rachel writes a long letter to Ross that she needs him to read before they get back together.
Sam actually fakes a case of impotence to get close to a therapist Lilith and Frasier introduced to him.
The ER staff plays in a Fourth of July softball game, where Carol runs into Shep and his new girlfriend.
Season Premiere, Third-year med student Lucy Knight reports to the ER for the first day of her rotation.
Sheldon does not want to dispose of the old one so he takes it somewhere where he knows it will be safe.
Shep and Raul bring a dozen malnourished and abandoned children into the ER, keeping everyone very busy.
Susan has been reading to Ben Hollander in her spare time and he seems to have developed a crush on her.
He also receives visions of Bajor's future, one of which warns him not to let Bajor join the Federation.
Southern England, 1666. As plague sweeps the country, the Doctor discovers a more exotic threat at work.
Richie and his date act as Joanie and Spike's chaperones and discover them missing at the movie theater.
Stardate: Unknown Upon investigating a newly-discovered Class M planet, the crew is knocked unconscious.
Stardate: Unknown O'Brien is ordered to infiltrate the Orion Syndicate to expose a Federation informant.
When co-workers start ending up in pieces, the mystery behind the secret ingredient comes into question.
Ted and Dougal turn detective to discover who's behind the bumper crop of hairy babies on Craggy Island.
Temporarily blinded by a bomb, Walker learns to cope while the other Rangers seek out those responsible.
The A-Team's planned fishing vacation at Crystal Lake retreat is ruined when Decker and his men show up.
The CSI teams investigates the death of a woman, married to a man who committed murder twelve years ago.
Soon a couple is arrested at a convenience store with a boy matching the description of the missing kid.
The CSI's investigates a murder of a homeless man who was found dead after a winning streak at a Casino.
Surrounded by every book ever written, the Doctor takes control to keep everyone alive and in the light.
Skagra drains Chronotis's mind and thus acquires the ability to transfer his own mind into other bodies.
The Doctor continues to investigate the mysterious events behind the arrival of three deadly astronauts.
The Doctor is called back to modern-day Earth by an old friend as an old enemy starts some new troubles.
The Doctor takes Bill to an Earth colony in the future, but they find it strangely empty of inhabitants.
How can they resist the invasion force? And what is the mysterious cargo Slaar wants sent down to Earth?
The Master's plan is finally revealed, he means to renew himself, even if it means wiping out the Sarns,
The Emperor's plan fails, however, as the Doctor is not human and the Dalek Factor has no effect on him.
Unfortunately, that may not be possible, as the Doctor discovers that time is shorter than they thought.
Susan's sister Chloe drops by, wreaking havoc in Susan's life and absconding with a number of valuables.
The boys learn that the church will be of little help to them and they start evangelizing on the street.
The boys start working for him, but Cartman wants to make his own big score, without earning for Loogie.
But during the robbery she kills him and her own brother, and makes it look like they killed each other.
The ortho docs face off in a hockey game against the trauma docs, who have enlisted the aid of a ringer.
The Traken union is a society living in perfect harmony, watched over by the powerful but benign Keeper.
The entire Cheers gang also comes forward to overcome the mayhem that besieges and mars the festivities.
Though he's up against the two Mallachi brothers by himself, Fonzie is able to win the demolition derby.
Three sets of people try to claim the body found on the railroad track, a nephew, a daughter and a wife.
The board likes the report and uses the boys to put up a proposition to keep Harbucks out of South Park.
Walker and Trivette go undercover to find out what happened to Walker's friend, a victim of a hijacking.
Walker protects a mentally disabled boy, accused of killing a lady, from being lynched by his community.
Wesley preoccupies himself with protecting Connor and foiling a prophecy that Angel will devour his son.
He and Chef travel to the moors of Scotland, where Chef's mom tries a little of her voodoo magic on him.
When doctors cannot determine why Joyce is sick, Buffy is convinced that the cause must be supernatural.
While Josh recovers from bullet wounds there's a noticeable tension among some of the White House Staff.
While Raj eagerly awaits data from a space probe in which he was involved, Howard keeps distracting him.
Later, dress shopping with Penny and Amy doesn't exactly prove to be a good fit for Leonard and Sheldon.
She tries to fit in with the students at Sunnydale, and even starts to develop real feelings for Xander.
Woody meets an elderly woman while wearing his makeup for the role of Mark Twain, and begins dating her.
After discovering the Orb, and opening the case, the Wormhole is re-opened and the Orbs are reactivated.
Buffy must find and defeat the demon before it senses her mother's madness and makes her its next victim.
When it is stolen from his laboratory, the Doctor leads the chase over land, water and air to recover it.
Trent Boyett is being released from Juvenile Hall, and he's out for revenge for a crime he didn't commit.
A land developer is trying to run three disabled Vietnam vets off the desert property they're renovating.
A mail pod arrives at the Red Dwarf and Rimmer receives the belated news that his father has passed away.
A serial killer strikes again, and the CSI team tries new technology using evidence from a prior killing.
Jessica turns to her old friend, Clint Phelps, for help, but he doesn't have any answers he can give her.
Gallant and fellow medical student Erin Harkins engage in an escalating competition of medical knowledge.
After discovering that Cordelia is pregnant, the gang research what type of demon the offspring could be.
Meanwhile, Mac and Charlie must now bear the consequences of their friends' departures from the business.
Alex and Walker's whitewater rafting trip becomes a working vacation when one of the rafters is murdered.
As she lay in the hospital, Walker embarks on a quest of vengence to find Storm and bring him to justice.
Money from the nurses' secret stash and Frank's Palm Pilot go missing, only to turn up in Nicole's purse.
But as the Doctor and Leela arrive, one of the crew is found murdered, and if they didn't do it, who did?
Back on the station, Chief O'Brien is trying to repair the Defiant's gravity net in less then three days.
Buffy finally tells her friends that Dawn is the Key and they start acting strangely when Dawn is around.
Carla throws a jealous fit when she suspects that Eddie is fooling around with someone from the ice show.
Meanwhile, Mark is thrown for a loop when he learns that Jenn has been having an affair with a co-worker.
Benton faces the fallout from his altercation with Doug when surgeons begin dropping him from procedures.
Jeanie faces her feelings towards Al when she cares for a remorseful AIDS patient who infected her child.
Ross talks with Joey about Charlie on the flight home, but Joey can't bring himself to talk about Rachel.
Pratt visits her house and tries to talk her out of euthanizing her dad, but she ends up doing it anyway.
Criminals foiled in the past by the A-Team hire a crew of mercenaries to pick off each member one by one.
Now in Darfur, Carter and colleague Doctor Dakarai work alongside relief workers to treat famine victims.
But how is the Doctor's research into ESP and the blue Metebelis III crystal connected to Mike's warning?
Even though Stan and Kyle have been friends for years, it doesn't mean anything if Stan won't friend him.
Fonzie announces that he's getting married and brings his bride-to-be to the Cunningham house for dinner.
The party to celebrate the cease-fire, which never really took place, is interrupted by incoming wounded.
Hawkeye is reunited with a woman he thought was out of his life forever, but who never altogether leaves.
Heathrow Airport, 1981. A Concorde loaded with passengers vanishes into thin air on its approach to land.
Various clips are shown from past episodes, and cast members recall memories from their time on the show.
They use forged passes to go to Tokyo to convince Henry to come back and end up pretending Radar is sick.
Howard comes up with the idea for a trash compactor, and Fonzie becomes his partner to help him build it.
In an attempt to get Ashley's young daughter, Heather, to warm up to him, Fonzie takes her to the circus.
When they arrive at the lake, Fonzie discovers what the resort is all about and says he's going to leave.
Despite other factors, Mulder becomes convinced that the man has returned from the dead to exact revenge.
Pratt turns to Kerry after learning about Chaz, and Gates tries to charm Neela, but Meg adds a sour note.
Jamie and Lady Jennifer find a resistance movement building against the aliens controlling the war zones.
Janeway and Neelix return from an away mission to find Voyager adrift in space and the crew barely alive.
Rachel and Phoebe convince Chandler to help them search for the Christmas presents Monica is giving them.
She's relieved when Seth comes to New York to check up on her, and enlists his help in cracking the case.
Unfortunately, once Keats is revealed to be alive and well, the real question is who the true target was.
Jessica's niece, who is a real estate broker, arrives at the mansion and finds a body instead of a buyer.
Chandler and Monica visit their Doctor about reproductive options, and begin searching for a sperm donor.
He gets called in to audition for the part of Stryker Ramoray, Drake's twin brother on Days of Our Lives.
However, Kirk disappears and the Enterprise is forced to abandon the search to stop the asteroid in time.
Lilith spoils Rebecca's elaborately planned celebration of Cheers' 100th anniversary by going into labor.
Lister, Cat and Kryten are returned, although he only succeeded in putting things back the way they were.
Majority Counsel Clifford Calley makes Leo an offer regarding the MS affair he wants very much to refuse.
Marion hurts her back before a big bowling game, but Howard finds a new partner in the lovely Fern Flagg.
He catches her chasing one of his Percocet with a shot of vodka and confronts her about wasting her life.
One day after surfing he has a seizure, and Rachel contacts Elizabeth, who soon arrives with little Ella.
Through observing his patients, he decides to forego chemotherapy, and spend his remaining days in peace.
Later, Ross finds out Rachel is going on a date with Mark and spies on them through Chandler's peep-hole.
Ross and Chandler get intimidated out of their seats, a hat, and the coffee shop, by a couple of bullies.
Much to Carla's dismay, Eddie has called off the wedding thanks to his mother's disapproval of the bride.
Mulder and Scully swap roles as they pursue a man killing priests who claim to have the wounds of Christ.
Scully bails Mulder out of prison and they go to Max Fenig's trailer to find out why he was on the plane.
Following his experience, Neelix soon begins to question all that he has been taught about the afterlife.
Coop talks back to Romano and is nearly killed when Neela gives him too much epi during an asthma attack.
O'Brien befriends an alien who belongs to a race of beings that are bred to be hunted by another species.
On payday, Frank buys two sets of pearls, a cheap imitation one for Margaret and a real one for his wife.
Once the probe is located on a nearby planet the away team is shocked to learn of the impact it has made.
To avoid detection they dress up as the Dibbley family using mop heads as wigs and big, ugly false teeth.
Phoebe's wedding gift for Chandler and Monica finally arrives, A video arcade game machine, Miss Pac Man.
Some of them, however, are starting to doubt that Buffy will be able to protect them from the First Evil.
Meanwhile, the Scoobies are rushing to fortify their defenses because nightfall will bring the Turok-Han.
Potter must deal with an old Army friend who is getting his own soldiers killed through his incompetency.
While looking for Marcel, Joey and Chandler meet some hot girls, Samantha and Tia with a broken radiator.
Monica discovers Joey has invited his parents to the wedding, so she has to re-arrange the guest seating.
It happens to be Frank's birthday, so Hawkeye and B.J. stage a fight with each other to make Frank happy.
Randy Marsh becomes a local hero in South Park after the guys at the bar see the size of his latest crap.
Potsie and Ralph, in an attempt to solve their continuous bickering problem, write in to Richie's column.
she tells her mother she never wants to see her again, but her mother finally convinces her to reconcile.
a lady reporter who has been investigating the Boston singles scene and has heard every line in the book.
President Bartlet has an uncomfortable reunion with a rival economist with whom he split the Nobel Prize.
Scully's recent failing health is revealed to be inoperable brain cancer which is common among abductees.
Steve and his partners, with a kidnapped Sam and Alex, flee north, but circumstances force deadly action.
Captain Janeway uses this to form a plan of attack that would create a mutiny from within the Collective.
In his absence, the gang wonders what their lives would have been like had he not been part of the group.
Meanwhile, Xena's spirit comes to a teahouse where other spirits that are against the evil Yodoshi dwell.
Spock commands a stranded away team when their shuttlecraft is marooned on a planet with hostile natives.
Elsewhere, Cartman will not give up his quest to make Kyle follow through on their bet to suck his balls.
Together they make an appeal to the Klingon High Council to challenge the charges, and have them revoked.
However, they must find a way to defeat the holographic bandits who have Data's appearance and abilities.
Stardate: Unknown While on a a diplomatic mission, Doctor Crusher and Picard are captured and imprisoned.
enter a giving-things-up-for-Lent contest and soon discover that abstinence is easier preached than done.
The A-Team travels to Kenya to deal with game poachers who have included a game warden among their kills.
Both parents have exactly the same picture of the boy, with a scar on exactly the same place on his face.
Can the Doctor stop the Sontarans from unleashing a potent terror that will bring the world to its knees?
The Doctor, aged by the unstable tachyon machine, finally uncovers the truth about the tachyon generator.
The ER faces a staff shortage when several employees are sent home with food poisoning, including Weaver.
The Doctor and Donna, now teamed with Martha have to stop them! Can they save Earth before it's too late?
The gang chooses sides as they vie for majority control of Paddy's Pub in the wake of Frank's retirement.
Bishop Brennan is dispatched to the island to ensure that the priests take to the picket line in protest.
Thea is slowly succumbing to its influence while the Doctor prepares to battle a creature from mythology.
The crew takes Kryten back aboard Red Dwarf where Rimmer puts him to work cleaning, cooking, ironing etc.
Doug treats the son of a wealthy man, leading Carol to suspect him of giving the child special treatment.
There's a mass influx of hippies coming into South Park, and Cartman is intent on putting a stop to them.
Lister retrieves the hologram disk and loads it, but what follows is far worse than being alone in space.
Her plan is to use Pip's tears to power her Genesis device and will allow her to gain revenge on all men.
Margaret and Frank's attempts to unfix the match collapse as they are flattened by the unconscious boxer!
Determined to have a baby, Banfield comes up with a plan but has difficulty getting her husband on board.
Voyager's only hope for survival lies in forming alliances with other ships who wish to escape the Void .
Walker must save two orphan murder witnesses from being killed themselves before they can give testimony.
Weaver and Legaspi have spent the night together, although Kerry appears shy of beginning a relationship.
Carol goes on a ride-along with paramedics Shep and Raul, and later shares a ferris wheel ride with Shep.
What begins as an innocent game between the boys turns serious when Cartman joins the U.S. Border Patrol.
when they comply, she tries to win everyone over to her place by doing lots of cooking and re-decorating.
When Frank's behavior becomes even more outlandish than usual, the gang decides to stage an intervention.
When Xena and Joxer travel to Potidaea, they find Hope posing as Gabrielle living with the bard's family.
Once the testing gets underway, it turns out some of the fourth grade boys of South Park are sex addicts.
During this crusade, South Park Elementary is invited to compete in the state dodgeball finals in Denver.
The boys must take Britney to the North Pole when they learn the secret behind what makes her so popular.
Amy Gardner does some skillful lobbying for domestic violence prevention which gets the wrath of Bartlet.
With Kroagnon free to take back his Towers, the Doctor must unite the survivors to fight for their lives.
With Potsie away, the guys try to get Fonzie to take his place as the band's singer for the Senior Dance.
The staff still awaits news about Josh, and recalls how C.J. and Donna came to join the Bartlet campaign.
Meanwhile, Neela's crush on Luka is resolved, and med student Jake reveals an increasing interest in Abby.
Joey begins dating Erika, a stalker who thinks he's really his soap opera character, Doctor Drake Ramoray.
A bank robber, long thought to be dead, returns to see his daughter and face the wrath of the townspeople.
Meanwhile, Father Mulcahy is apprehensive that his long-pending promotion to captain will again be denied.
A few hours later, a second, very confused Xander crawls out of the debris and makes his way towards home.
Elsewhere, the day puts family first as Morris cares for a frightened child and Pratt defends his brother.
The Polymorph gets the Cat and takes away his vanity by appearing as a beautiful woman and flattering him.
A spooky story set in an old Irish castle where legend has it that there is a ghost and a hidden treasure.
Playing on their fears about how the others perceive them, Spike begins to sow discord among the Scoobies.
After Angel saves Buffy from a gang of vampire warriors, their relationship starts to become more intense.
After an empty night of passion with Darla, Angel wakes up with his soul still intact and has an epiphany.
Despite Scully's objections, he takes Mulder on a journey which reveals what truly happened to his sister.
Alanis Morrisette has recorded a hit single with Stinky Britches, a song that Chef wrote twenty years ago.
Rimmer gets up and unceremoniously knees Death in the groin, and quips, Remember, Only The Good Die Young!
Andy, the ex-con Sam arranged as a blind date for Diane, returns to Cheers to show off his acting ability.
Henry, after much debate, agrees to send Hawkeye, Trapper, Frank, Radar, and Klinger into enemy territory.
After the show, he is given an envelope by the show's host that contains the answer to the $5000 question.
Danny releases the Shareef story, and the revelation creates a rift that separates Jed from Abbey and Liz.
Luka's status seems uncertain as the hospital board considers a permanent solution to the Clemente affair.
B.J. finds himself attracted to a famous war correspondent, Aggie O'Shea, who has fallen in love with him.
Bartlet authorizes a special ops team to rescue the five DEA agents only to have them caught in an ambush.
C.J. arranges for the host of Capitol Beat to have an exclusive interview with the wronged police officer.
Buffy and the Scoobies leave Sunnydale in Spike's RV, because Buffy fears that they will never beat Glory.
By disguising themselves as Klingons, Captain Sisko and the Defiant crew infiltrate the Klingon homeworld.
He finally decides to get a new bike after crashing his old one but has to save his money a little longer.
their decision is complicated by the facts that Ross doesn't like tattoos and Phoebe doesn't like needles.
Mike reveals that he has a girlfriend, named Precious, and tells Phoebe he'll break up with her at dinner.
Dennis is suspected in the murder of the husband of an old flame with whom he has been spending some time.
The Scourge are a Nazi-esque organization of pure-blood demons who are bent on destroying all half-bloods.
Carter and Lucy feud when Carter accidentally uses her palm computer and finds out what she thinks of him.
After a short battle, the Defiant is left drifting in a hostile atmosphere, with Sisko critically injured.
During times of great woe and despair, one young person in South Park takes it upon himself to keep order.
Joey gets picked up by the Estelle Leonard Talent Agency, which gets him a job as Al Pacino's butt double.
Phoebe, frightened by a pigeon, accidentally drops the lottery tickets off the balcony, and half are lost.
Grissom and Sara investigate when a man's body, which has been doused with lye, is found buried in a park.
Hawkeye writes a heartfelt letter to President Harry Truman to protest at the continued fighting in Korea.
Howard wants Christmas Eve to only include the family, but Richie discovers that Fonzie will be all alone.
Howard's father comes for a visit after being forceably retired as a captain of detectives due to his age.
Sam renews her friendship with the photographer Diana, while Gates faces new problems on the father front.
In the season finale, the CSIs wait by the bedside of one of their own when he's shot in the line of duty.
It seems that there is more than schoolboy pranks going on between a Cabot Cove prep school and its rival.
Jessica travels to New Orleans to research a new novel, but gets caught up in a series of voodoo killings.
Phoebe comes along as well, and Charlie overhears Phoebe and Rachel talk about Rachel's feelings for Joey.
while accompanying Joey at the clinic, Chandler meets, and begins dating Marjorie, who talks in her sleep.
Despite receiving tragic news, Carter tries to prevent grieving gang member Curtis from seeking vengeance.
Whilst inside the ducts they discover a lot about each other, including the fact Lister is claustrophobic.
Kyle falls into an ice hole and when Stan comes to rescue him, they find a frozen man embedded in the ice.
Leonard and Howard are furious after they learn Sheldon went to work with the military behind their backs.
In the aftermath, Carter flips his lid, demanding better security and the installation of metal detectors.
Lister and Cat prepare to go into stasis while Red Dwarf goes to light speed until they get back to Earth.
Lister, Rimmer, Kryten an Cat travel through a dimensional portal and find out that they're TV-characters.
As Abby and Neela try to figure out what happened, Luka must help the girl's mother cope with the assault.
Marion and Fern meet each other, and Marion is furious at Howard for lying to her about Fern's appearance.
Later, Mark's daughter persuades him to treat a horse with colic, and Jerry gets the bad end of the enema.
Abby and Dubenko differ on how to proceed when a patient comes in with a bullet in him needed as evidence.
Mr Hankey hosts a collection of ten vignettes featuring the cast of South Park performing Christmas songs.
To appease people's expectations of the millennium, Jesus puts on a concert in Las Vegas with Rod Stewart.
Phoebe and Monica buy a van, with a mural, flashing nipples, and other extras for their catering business.
Ross uses a lot of antiquated phrases, and Monica has the breasts of a greek goddess, according to Phoebe.
New medical students start their ER rotation, among them John Carter, an inexperienced third-year student.
Things are not helped by the efforts of Margaret, Klinger and Mulcahy to bring the Swampmen back together.
Luisa's memories of high school aren't favorable toward Rachel, so she decides not to cut them any breaks.
Cartman and Kyle are the only two at odds as the world embarks upon a thousand years of peace and harmony.
The townspeople are fed up when all the rich people start moving in, and go to extremes to drive them out.
Phoebe is ruthless and greedy, and has a heart attack after losing 13 million dollars on the stock market.
they end up at the hospital, where Ross reveals that Carol is the only woman he's even been intimate with.
Sara and Greg become quarantined after entering a crime scene that is contaminated with a deadly pathogen.
Jerry phones the news, and the patients riot, nearly using a gurney to break open the emergency bay doors.
Three months later, a custodial strike is making life difficult in the ER. Chen discovers she is pregnant.
Skinner and Scully put all their hopes into digging up Mulder and discovering that he too, is still alive.
Sidney Freedman, feeling depressed, visits the 4077th to observe how they fare under the pressures of war.
Mark faces an ethical dilemma when he has to decide whether to report yet another of Doug's indiscretions.
Stardate: Unknown Sisko and O'Brien are stranded on a planet where a colony of humans has made their home.
Susan and Carter get together after treating a newlywed couple where the wife may have an unusual allergy.
The A-Team must rescue Tawnia Baker, an employee of a security firm, after she warns them about an ambush.
The A-Team travels to Mexico, where they are searching for Al Massey, but their client wants to come with.
But between the diabolical Kandyman and the vicious Helen A, they will be lucky to live through the night,
The Doctor and Romana try to avoid being sacrificed to Kroll, just in time for the real monster to appear.
The Doctor goes undercover at Coal Hill School to track down a time-lost killer robot, the Skovox Blitzer.
However, Victoria has had enough, and she chooses to remain on Earth, albeit a century after her own time.
Can they and the Dominion be stopped? Things look grim for the Federation and the crew of Deep Space Nine.
Leo and Bartlet must handle the matter of five DEA officals who are taken hostage by Colombian terrorists.
The Rangers have six hours to rescue a billionaire's daughter before she is killed-live-over the Internet.
C.J. continues to avoid her former beau Ben, who's arrived in Washington to begin his new job at Interior.
Having lost one companion, the Doctor and Steven depart from Troy with a temple handmaiden named Katarina.
Mysterious insect creatures move among the rocks and a strange force is slowly gaining control of Barbara,
The Viper, a deadly international assassin, is in Texas, and Walker must stop him before he strikes again.
The boys are at the bus stop and they seem to be reliving events that they went through 6 seasons earlier.
The boys go to their first night as Cub Scouts, where they discover that Big Gay Al is their troop leader.
Cartman wants the band to play Christian Rock, and leaves the band when Stan, Kyle, and Kenny don't agree.
The camp succumbs to the Asian flu, except for Hawkeye and Margaret, who have to do everything themselves.
The fourth grade girls have compiled a secret list that rates all the boys from the cutest to the ugliest.
Chandler tells him Mike's failing was that he was against marriage, so David decides to propose to Phoebe.
Phoebe asks if she can play at the wedding, and won't let up until she's convinced they'll really let her.
Marion gave them this information, and she becomes worried that Fonzie will be angry with her for telling.
The mistress of a conductor becomes a target for murder after threatening to tell all to her lover's wife.
The new owner of Gary's Olde Towne Tavern lack a sense of humor and respond badly to Cheers' latest prank.
The phone wires get crossed during a storm and Jessica can't convince anyone that what she heard was real.
the staff deals with Hurricane Sarah, a potential teamster strike, and a raid involving children in Idaho.
The staff and the F.B.I. work to combat a threat to firebomb black churches in Tennessee on Christmas Eve.
In a search for the suspects, Gallant and Pratt are pulled over and arrested while returning from the gym.
after Sam is shown up by an amateur Republican operative on a television program, Jed decides to hire her.
Trapped among an army of Weeping Angels, the Doctor and his friends try to escape through the forest dome.
Under the direction of a madman, the robots continue their rampage as the Doctor finds an unexpected ally.
Using a psychic to help locate a kidnapped eight-year-old earns Trivette ridicule from his fellow Rangers.
Meanwhile, Carter is impressed by irascible old Doctor McNulty, who oversees an inner-city medical clinic.
When The Doctor discovers that his short-term memory has been tampered with, he launches an investigation.
When a famous mystery writer dies, Jessica recalls a 1947 case that the writer was personally involved in.
Unfortunately, Meleager himself isn't certain that he didn't do it, because he was drunk when it happened.
Meanwhile Gabrielle tries to get her friend to a healer named Nicklio, but she is too late, and Xena dies.
Doctor Jekyll might have made a return to the scene of brutal family murder that the team is investigating.
A Gallifreyan soldier is resurrected on the last day of the Time Lord to help in the defense of the planet.
A belligerent young man with flu symptoms presents a challenge to Morris and Sam when he refuses treatment.
It's the first day on the job for the medical students and interns, and Neela and Gates have a tough start.
Jessica tries to clear her name, but when Grady swears he has never met her, it just gets that much harder.
A loan shark, who has a minister's son under his thumb, attempts to steal a charitible telethon's proceeds.
It then appears as Rimmer and blames Kryten for the Cat being attacked, thereby taking away Kryten's guilt.
A resident of Cabot Cove threatens the Native American who claims to own the land, and later is found dead.
They dress as a bride and groom and, as part of a talent portion of the party, have a make-believe wedding.
After crashing in a stock-car race, Fonzie begins to worry about what will happen when his number comes up.
When an unexpected person comes to Mulder's rescue, Mulder refuses to slip north over the border to safety.
Meanwhile, Clara engages in a battle of wills with her counterpart to avoid giving away the Box's location.
An alien, Mork from Ork, comes to earth looking for someone average, or humdrum, to study and picks Richie.
Wesley, Cordelia and Gunn settle into their new digs, where Virginia brings them their first official case.
The Miniature Killer is finally captured, but not before a member of CSI becomes the killer's final victim.
Why can no one remember events before the war? And what are the strange devices in General Smythe's office?
Attending a concert in Washington, D.C., Jessica gets involved with two East German defectors and a murder.
Soon, her deceased father appears and tells her that she is dead and must accept her situation and move on.
The DA is facing surgery to remove a bullet she got in an attack that killed her husband three years prior.
Catherine violates department protocol when she takes the case of a rape accusation against her ex-husband.
On the phone, he pretends to be Bob and arranges to meet her, so he can console her when Bob stands her up.
Cliff and Norm help Frasier's low-esteem self-help group really help themselves and Woody trims Sam's hair.
Dennis and Frank battle Dee and Mac for control of the mountain and Charlie learns the rules of the slopes.
While on his way to a fundraiser after his last ER shift, he gets a flat tire during a torrential downpour.
Shep gets on Carol's bad side when he makes disparaging remarks about people with botched suicide attempts.
They discover that their new home in Dorset has an eccentric caretaker, a man who calls himself The Doctor.
Emily's cousin kicks Ross out of the apartment they were to live in, so he moves in with Chandler and Joey.
With his problem getting worse by the minute, Kyle turns to the one person who's always been there for him.
Face has to infiltrate a gambling ring to clear a man's gambling debts and to save the foster home he runs.
Fonzie finds a note he wrote as a child containing a list of things to accomplish in the next twenty years.
For Stan's birthday, he and his family go to the Denver Aquarium where they plan on swimming with dolphins.
Frasier wants Lilith to confront her overbearing mother and Rebecca wants Sam to make Norm pay his bar tab.
This gives the investigations an interesting turn, as almost all the suspects and all dead people are cops.
To get even, Hawkeye and B.J. switch Winchester's clothes, causing Winchester to alter his eating patterns.
Josh has his hands full with a pro-Taiwanese senator holding a hard line on recognizing their independence.
Ian is on the run, Barbara is Nero's prisoner and the Doctor is being scheduled for the lions in the arena.
In order to retrieve a probe stuck in a hazardous atmosphere, Tom Paris designs a new type of shuttlecraft.
Brittanicus Base is running into difficulty and Scientist Arden has found something strange out in the ice,
but before he can get back to the room, Joey stumbles upon Ross' grandmother's ring and shows it to Rachel.
Jessica is called to testify before a grand jury after a victim's last phone call was traced to her number.
Joey gives all the pretty female customers free stuff at the coffee house, in order to get dates with them.
After Rachel steals her ideas in the first class, Phoebe feeds Rachel misinformation about the second book.
after a White House visitor has a strange reaction to a painting, C.J. sets out to discover its provenance.
Kryten realizes that the triplicator has put all the best qualities in one copy and the worst in the other.
Lister declares he is sick of life on Red Dwarf and wishes that he never joined the JMC in the first place.
The computer brings them out of deep sleep and they discover a planet which the Navicomp says is Red Dwarf.
The disease appears to be created by a shadowy government organisation but in order to save Skinner's life.
But Mulder's enemies make sure he learns that there's a heavy price to pay for his much sought after truth.
The investigation gets tougher with the discovery that her two-year-old was with her when she was murdered.
Now President of Gallifrey, the Doctor puts a plan motion to apparent betray his people to an alien menace.
Old grievances surface when the Lawyers sues Bill Ponderosa on behalf of the Liam McPoyle and his lost eye.
Joey arranges for Ross to be stood up, and Phoebe arranges for Rachel to go out with Steve, the Stoned Guy.
Rachel creates a fake party for Emily, which is really an excuse to spend time with Joshua outside of work.
Pratt treats a young boy with a suspicious gash on his chest, but lets him leave before Wendall clears him.
Chandler, Joey, Phoebe, and Monica get stuck in Monica's room while Ross and Rachel try to work things out.
He gets a severe hernia before auditioning, but refuses to go to the hospital until he has insurance again.
Meanwhile, Ross is given tenure at his job and his happiness makes Rachel's misfortune even harder to bear.
Rachel's struggles with turning thirty prompt the rest of the gang to remember they're thirtieth birthdays.
Meanwhile, Margaret is frustrated with a new nurse who keeps getting upset at the sight of combat injuries.
Because he'll be working until 9:00 PM, he won't be able to go to the show, so he asks Fonzie for a refund.
Richie goes against Howard and, to get a girl, campaigns for Adlai Stevenson in the 1956 Presidential race.
While Richie, Potsie, and Ralph are visiting a professor whose specialty is fear, lab mice become agitated.
Rose and the newly-regenerated Doctor continue their adventures together in this Christmas Special episode.
Their relationship develops well until he gets offered a grant to go to Minsk, and doesn't know what to do.
Ben can't handle the idea of no visit from Santa, so Ross tries at the last minute to find a Santa costume.
Ross visits Rachel's old boss at Ralph Lauren to try to get her job back, so she won't have to go to Paris.
Sam regrets asking Norm to do his taxes when the out of work accountant comes up with a five figure refund.
Meanwhile, Scully fights her own personal battle as she decides whether to stay or go on to the next world.
Kerry finds an abandoned youngster and brings him to the ER. Mark and Elizabeth discuss their relationship.
She later lobbies various departments, unsuccessfully, to admit an elderly patient suffering from dementia.
Meanwhile, Howard's return from space has been delayed a week and he starts to lose his mind because of it.
Meanwhile, Kyle overhears his mother on the phone talking about the plan and decides it's time to get even.
Meanwhile, the children's parents get the help they need to keep them from sexually abusing their children.
Will he be able to handle the pressure that goes along with the notoriety of taking on such a worthy cause?
Without them, the Federation and Klingon Empire would eventually lose the war and fall under Dominion rule.
Carter is offered the ER sub-internship but turns it down in anticipation of receiving a surgical position.
Talk of a post-war reunion gives BJ an idea, planning a present-day stateside gathering of 4077th families.
He continues to obsess with the idea even under the duress of bug-out instigated by a Chinese breakthrough.
Also, Klinger fears that the party will blow his cover, as his mother doesn't know he's stationed in Korea.
Thanksgiving plans include dinner at the Wolowitz home but Sheldon is less than pleased about the location.
The Coon and Friends set out to help the victims of BP's latest catastrophic drilling accident in the Gulf.
Face went to school with them, and can't refuse to help old friends even when there isn't any money to get.
The CSIs discover that two apparently unrelated crimes are actually parts of the same twisted revenge plot.
Meanwhile, as Professor Chaos, Butters moves forward with yet another diabolical plan to destroy the world.
The camp suffers from the severe cold, except for Hawkeye who has received some long-johns from his father.
The confessional is the site of the last rites as an estranged father seeks absolution from his priest son.
The crew stumble upon a deserted space ship of non-humanoid origin and Rimmer believes it is an alien ship.
They go inside and search the ship where Kryten and Rimmer discover the remains of a three-headed creature.
The demon Toth fires a strange weapon at the Slayer, but Xander jumps in front of Buffy at the last moment.
The mystery of Paradise Towers begins to unravel as the Doctor realizes what is imprisoned in the basement.
Luka was forced into working hungover after a staff Christmas party, leading to a patient being brain dead.
C.J. has harsh words for Toby when he lets his personal feelings take him off-message in the briefing room.
the Chief Justice's increased propensity for writing opinions in verse causes concern about his competence.
The time comes for Howard and Bernadette to have their baby and the gang all wait together at the hospital.
There's a new attending in the house, Doctor Victor Clemente, and he has not made a great first impression.
Luka and Carol treat a young boy whose mother is injecting him with saline to get surgical procedures done.
Meanwhile Mr Tweek is offered $500,000 by Mr Postum, who wants to turn his store into a Harbucks franchise.
But her acting ability is pushed to the limits when she discovers an old lover working for the arms dealer.
One of the suspects is the son of a man who was black-listed for cheating years ago in Sam Braun's casinos.
Under attack by the territorial Turei, Voyager sets down on an uninhabited planet to hide and make repairs.
He believes that the solution is for him to produce a child, and he has chosen Captain Janeway as his mate.
In the course of her investigation, she soon learns that a number of people had a motive to want Mark dead.
When an international crisis strikes, the boys discover a way to make money that seems easy and profitable.
When an unexpected person comes to Mulder's rescue, Mulder refuses to slip north over the border to safety.
200 previously ridiculed celebrities stand strong in a class action lawsuit against the town of South Park.
While waiting for the bus, Cartman relates a dream he had about being abducted and anally probed by aliens.
With Clara and Missy dead and the TARDIS destroyed, the Doctor is trapped on Skaro by his greatest enemies.
With otherworldly factions in pursuit, Mulder and the agents race to safeguard the birth of Scully's child.
A lying TV Consumer advocate is killed and suspicion lands on one of the clients whose products he maligned.
Back in town, Warrick probes the death of a gambler who was stabbed multiple times in his brother's kitchen.
A mysterious but comely female alien claims to be in love with Chakotay, and requests asylum aboard Voyager.
A severe blizzard leaves the ER utterly devoid of patients, and the staff takes the opportunity to goof off.
Frank suffers a heart attack, and the staff sees a different side to him when his wife and daughter show up.
A new attending arrives at the ER. Abby continues to wrestle with her alcohol problem and it's consequences.
A series of robberies has plagued the resort, and local police suspect that the woman was killed by a thief.
After everyone finds out Monica is not pregnant, much of the wedding reception is spent figuring out who is.
Al announces that he's given up his search for Rosa Coletti, a woman with whom he was involved 20 years ago.
he spends the day treating a kid who fell in the river with his younger brother and whose parents blame him.
Frank puts in a request for an anti-aircraft gun, which is granted when Charlie hits General Clayton's jeep.
An older Kes returns to Voyager to take revenge on Janeway for taking her away from her homeworld too young.
An unpopular show-business personality discovers that elaborate security systems are no guarantee of safety.
Meanwhile, Cordelia seems to be the only person who does not realize that she has fallen in love with Angel.
Also, a youngAmazon tries to convince Joxer to impregnate her and Joxer is unexpectedly pitted against Xena!
Still at the Matenda clinic and under threat, Luka contracts malaria as he cares for his remaining patients.
Faith takes the potential slayers out to blow off some steam, but soon they run afoul of Sunnydale's Finest.
Carter has a tough time keeping up with Benton, and cares for an Alzheimer's patient with a melodious voice.
Doug comes to grips with his relationship with Carol and tells her that he'll wait for as long as she needs.
Meanwhile, Arnold's has a new cook, but Fonzie's sixth sense tells him that something isn't right about him.
she goes to Ross's old pediatrician, Doctor Gettleman only to discover that Rossy still goes there, as well.
Ross seeks fashion advice from Rachel and Phoebe for an upcoming date, with Joan, so they take him shopping.
She and Monica try to figure out the secret recipe, only to discover that they are Nestle Tollhouse cookies.
A hurt Dennis tries to convince Charlie that he is the true best friend after the title was bestowed to Mac.
David Phillips discovers the dead body of the most popular girl in his class at their 15-year class reunion.
She shares a table in the dining car with a woman who subsequently vanishes, leaving her purse on the table.
Diane becomes upset when Sam hits on an old friend of hers who's on the rebound from an unhappy love affair.
Diane fantasizes over an expensive coat left behind by a patron and agrees to go out with whoever claims it.
Diane's teasing about the airheaded women Sam dates sends him looking for a date of a higher cerebral plane.
Doggett and Reyes investigate a murder outside the house that the original Brady Bunch series was filmed in.
Carol questions Lynette's intentions when she hosts a women's health clinic for African American women only.
During World War II, Madge Arwell and her children Lily and Cyril are forced to relocate to the countryside.
Robber baron Irongron is recruited by Linx, a Sontaran warrior whose starship has been forced down on Earth.
Neela makes a great effort to get Dubenko back on the surgery staff, and gets help from an unexpected souce.
Facing competition from a hardware store at a new mall, Howard says he'll have to close Cunningham Hardware.
Fonzie claims the weight of the snow caused the roof to collapse while Howard claims it was the pigeon cage.
This is seen as a great honour until the Doctor and his friends arrive and discover the terrible truth^aEUR|
Frasier has to face making out a will while Sam braces himself for bad news from Rebecca's fertility doctor.
But all hope is lost as Kyong takes her possessions and the children to the south after her mother has died.
Hawkeye misses saying goodbye to Trapper, but meets his replacement, B.J. Hunnicutt, Mike Farrell, in Seoul.
Henry gives the monthly lecture on sex, with the aid of figure A and figure B. Trapper helps deliver a calf.
The Jeopardy! round had all 6 categories Cliff specializes in, such as celebrities or the US Postal Service.
Ross goes to London to prove his love for Emily, but she returns to the states to tell him she's chosen him.
Rachel's sister, Jill, shows up because she's been financially cut off and has to try to make it on her own.
Consequently, the unusual demands by Klinger's superiors leave little time to write a letter home to Toledo.
Pratt aggravates a drug-seeking man who comes back brandishing a gun at Chen and Abby and demanding Demerol.
He tries the other and scrunches his face in disgust as we see that there are maggots crawling around in it.
Mark serves his final day in the ER overseeing the first day of Gregory Pratt, a cocky yet eager new intern.
Monica and Chandler return from their honeymoon, having made friends with another couple on the flight home.
Rachel arranges for her assistant, Tag, to spend time with Joey, so he can't go out with women at the store.
Chandler's mom, who embarrasses Chandler with her forwardness is on Jay Leno and then pays Chandler a visit.
She meets 'Fake Monica' at a dance class which was charged to her card, and suprisingly they become friends.
He wins a trip to Hawaii, but then is kidnapped by people who claim to be CIA, but turn out to be criminals.
Najara returns claiming a newfound mantra for nonviolence, while Xena becomes suspicious of her new outlook.
With the help of a young woman named Lisa, she murders her lover and sets herself up with an airtight alibi.
On New Year's Eve, a father injured in an auto accident is not worried about his own health, only his son's.
On the eve of a big poker game, B.J.'s pride is bruised when he finds out his wife is working as a waitress.
But when he doesn't work out either as a chef or a boyfriend, they fight over who's going to dump him first.
coincidentally, Joey used to date her, until an unfortunate incident occurred, involving her artificial leg.
Pratt departs for Africa with attitude to spare but makes contact with harsh reality before the plane lands.
She gets called back for a second interview, where she again mistakes Mr Zelner's actions and chews him out.
Rachel's surprise birthday party is split in two to keep her divorcing parents from running into each other.
Margaret wants to stop the relationship, so Hawkeye and Trapper get between her and Frank until she relents.
Hot Lips, meanwhile, celebrates her just-granted divorce by taking a step that arouses Colonel Potter's ire.
Meanwhile, a little person visits South Park Elementary and Cartman can't stop himself from laughing at him.
Amarice makes a love connection with Xena's old friend Arman, but the course of true love never runs smooth.
It escalates until Chandler posts that Ross has died, and Ross arranges a memorial service to see who comes.
She is very chilly towards him all day until new med student Neela Rasgotra answers a phone call for Carter.
Seth's niece returns to Cabot Cove for her wedding only to have her groom die accidentally before the event.
Sheldon and Amy are concerned when Howard and Amy collaborate on a project and spend a lot of time together.
Stardate: Unknown The Enterprise receives a distress signal that has not been in use since the 22nd Century.
Stardate: Unknown A group of refugees from the Gamma Quadrant claims that Bajor is their long-lost homeland.
The CSI's investigate a series of deaths related to an energy company's grotesque cover-up of tainted water.
The Doctor travels to the end of the universe to learn what causes fear, following Clara's telepathic trace.
How can he defeat an enemy who can read his very thoughts? And does their invasion conceal a greater menace?
Needing to get his yah-yah's, Mulder enters the game to fight the woman but Scully must step in to save him.
The Rangers try to bring a halt to the black market trade of African conflict diamonds for illegal weaponry.
The Santos campaign meets up with Rock the Vote and lots of musicians are around for a star-studded episode.
The boys are sent away to learn cultural sensitivity and Mr Garrison is back as the boys' 4th Grade Teacher.
Meanwhile in Hell, Satan has moved in with his new lover, Chris, and is having problems with Saddam Hussein.
Walker, however, suspects a greedy oil magnate who recently learned there's oil on the Cherokee reservation.
They have to come up with enough money in five days to pay off Ben's neighbor who holds a note on the ranch.
The party leads to a little drinking which leads to an unexpected shared moment between Frasier and Rebecca.
Meanwhile, Kyle instructs Rebecca on the ways of love and Cartman decides to try home-schooling for himself.
The manager of a football team kills the team's owner, disguising himself as an ice cream vender as a cover.
Naturally the Doctor thinks he can find a solution, but has the accident unleashed a far more deadly menace?
She decides to hide the fact that the officer stepped into her line of fire, afraid it will ruin her career.
Things look bad when a married woman's keys are found by the body in a motel room and she can't explain why.
To boost post-yuletide morale on Dec 26, Potter has the officers and enlisted men change places for the day.
The Doctor offers to help find a cure for the plague, which he suspects is no plague at all, and he's right.
However, several Devils come in carrying a sack containing a guy who jilted the sister of the gang's leader.
As the two crews begin to work together to protect both ships, a dark secret lies hidden aboard the Equinox.
Walker investigates further after Trivette apparently shot a child during the apprehension of some suspects.
When the street artist Rigsy finds a number tattooed on his neck, he turns to the Doctor and Clara for help.
Xena must hone the power of purity after a vision which prompts her, Gabrielle, and Joxer to return to Chin.
A Cherokee reservation's inhabitants are in danger from risky, experimental practices at a nearby dairy farm.
The chief suspect is a security guard who left minutes before the explosion and has knowledge in bomb making.
A colossal mix-up thanks to Michael Hagarty puts Jessica in jail as a suspect in a murder only she witnessed.
But Columbo notices how friendly the dogs seem, and then there's the telephone that's hanging from it's hook,
Benton begins to realize his mother's future is not bright, and clashes with Tag regarding her hospital stay.
A side effect from the drug is the complacency that will let them sit through an entire Phil Collins concert.
A parolee released after 20 years in prison for a murder he says he did not commit, vows to find out who did.
A pod arrives aboard Red Dwarf containing a genetic mutant which can change itself into any shape whatsoever.
While investigating the case, Grissom deals with his hearing loss and another CSI gets a personal revelation.
Jessica gets involved after the man ends up dead, but there seems to be more than enough people with motives.
A young girl is used as a human shield by her kidnapper, and both are wounded during a shoot-out with police.
Now Buffy, in Faith's body, must escape from the Watcher's Council and convince someone of what has happened.
After a day of everyone asking favors of him, Fonzie has a nightmare about a mad scientist draining his cool.
After being attacked and later revived, Tuvok develops new interests, displays emotion, and befriends Neelix.
it's positive, but first Phoebe tells her it's negative, so she has a chance to realize how she really feels.
He shows up at Arnold's the next night disheveled and tells Chachi that his mother is already seeing someone.
Meanwhile, the dimensional rift through which the young man traveled continues to cause trouble at the hotel.
C.J. makes a horrible blunder in a press conference and is hounded about the president's health by reporters.
Chandler and Joey take care of Ben for the day, but accidentally leave him on a city bus while meeting women.
Blackwood, Texas, After falling through a hole in the ground, a young boy is infected by the alien Black Oil.
When Professor Walsh is found dead things get even more out of hand, with the commandos quick to blame Buffy.
Cabot Cove resident Sam Bryce dies in what appears to be an accident, but no one in Cabot Cove seems to care.
Captain Janeway repeatedly dies after she and Chakotay crash into a planet in what appears to be a time loop.
Lucy and Carter's attacker is found after he is hit by a car, and he is admitted to Psych with schizophrenia.
Everybody in South Park, except Cartman, despises the creatures and go to various lengths to get rid of them.
Joey finds some similarities in Chandler's and Monica's stories about the weekend, and figures out the truth.
Hawkeye is upset that a nurse he was pursuing does not approve of the marriage between a gook and one of us .
Discussion of AIDS among the kids alarms the parents, who call the school to get some sex education going on.
Dougal is extremely enthusiastic about the Eurosong Contest, so Ted decides that he and Dougal will enter it.
England, 1911. The TARDIS is drawn off-course and lands in the country house of archaeologist Marcus Scarman.
He plans to do it at Monica's favorite restaurant, but they bump into Richard there, which derails his plans.
Fonzie assesses the damage to Pinky's car, and Richie asks Howard to delay the start of the demolition derby.
Frasier's bachelor party turns out depressing and bleak while Lilith's shower threatens to burst into flames.
Benton and Finch have breakfast with his sister, where Jackie tells Peter that Cleo is not serious about him.
Grissom investigates the murders of four monks who were shot point blank while chanting in a Buddhist temple.
The cameras are traced to the trio's lair and what is seen on video proves to be devastating for all of them.
The show is in jeopardy of being halted when the girls hired for the show are snowed-in in Buffalo, New York.
The Doctor is in pursuit but may not be able to reach them before they become victims of the guillotine^aEUR|
In a parallel England, the Doctor tries desperately to convince his captors of the immense peril they are in.
a device that was actually created by God to determine who has the best skills to defeat the armies of Satan.
And before she knows it, the hospital she was working in is on the moon and it's under siege from the Judoon,
It's love at first sight for Fonzie when he sees a woman in a store as they pass each other on the escalator.
Gunnar Tilstrom, an arrogant, womanizing, champion skier, is killed by a crossbow as he goes down the slopes.
She heads out to Hollywood to confront Lydecker, but things take a turn when Lydecker is found dead on stage.
She desperately wants to outlast cheerleading captain Jill Higgins who had cut Joanie from the squad earlier.
Monica asks Richard about his plans for the future, and discovers he doesn't want to start having kids again.
Rachel and Phoebe realize they're expected to throw Monica a bridal shower, so they quickly put one together.
He startles them in the hallway to prove his point, which sets off an on-going competition of psuedo-attacks.
Tensions rise when the scientist that first studied Odo, Doctor Mora Pol, arrives to give Odo a helping hand.
And a tormented Romano makes a dramatic decision about his mangled arm, after it catches fire in his kitchen.
Leonard angers the university and the entire physics community when he gives an embarrassing radio interview.
Leonard gets a new job opportunity to work abroad for the summer and Sheldon is feeling a little bit jealous.
Unfortunately they reach light speed 22 hours before they expected and don't get to go into stasis after all.
Meanwhile, Abby plans to move back into her apartment when her landlord lets her know that Brian's moved out.
While there, Cartman makes Butters sneak away from the class to go to the amusement center located next door.
New events in Joanie's life cause Chachi to fear losing her for good and to try to cling more tightly to her.
One of the Doctor's oldest enemies return when he and Clara visit Hedgework's World of Wonders for a holiday.
Oz escapes from his cage during a full moon and runs across another werewolf, the sultry, sexy singer Veruca.
it looks like she might choose Chandler, but he decides he can't be responsible for breaking up her marriage.
Prompted by pressure from Frank, Hot Lips sets a date for marriage with Lieutenant Colonel Donald Penobscott.
Rachel decides that in order to accomplish her goals in life, she needs to find the man she's going to marry.
Radar is driving Hawkeye, BJ, Potter, and Frank in a bus back from a 'medical conference' when they get lost.
Rebecca asks an eager Sam to escort her to a company function to correct a false impression held by her boss.
Richie tells Chachi the story of how he met Fonzie in order to convince him that joining a gang is a mistake.
Lister is unaware the 'Canaries' is actually a convict army utilised for reconnaissance on uncharted planets.
Rose finds herself further away from home than ever before, on a desolate world in the orbit of a Black Hole.
Phoebe meets a guy who she thinks is Monica's other half, and she introduces them, much to Chandler's dismay.
the president of the tenant's committee asks him to contribute dollars toward's the retiring handyman's gift.
With Alex at a sleepover, she gets lonely and heads over to Luka's, where they consummate their relationship.
Forrest Sawyer the moderator poses questions and attempts to ensure that the candidates remain within bounds.
Jeanie makes a difficult decision regarding her HIV-positive status, while Benton's test comes back negative.
Sheldon tries to teach the guys a lesson after they cut him out of a potentially valuable Bitcoin investment.
All is going well until Craig premieres a new show that gets much higher ratings than the boys' news program.
The newly-regenerated fifth Doctor must rely on his friends to survive as the regeneration threatens to fail,
Space Security agent Marc Cory visits the planet Kembel to investigate rumours of Dalek activity in the area.
To get to the bottom of it, Kyle and Stan get wrapped up in a bizarre society that guards a legendary secret.
Stardate: Unknown A Vulcan ambassador being escorted by the Enterprise starts exhibiting suspicious behavior.
Elizabeth tends to a comatose woman whose husband will only agree to a risky procedure to harvest her organs.
Unfortunately a slight misunderstanding over some expenses sends Ted back to his old compadres on the isalnd.
The Daleks summon the Doctor, Amy, and Rory to help them by traveling to an ice planet on a perilous mission.
The Doctor and Romana are caught in the middle of the strange and dangerous evolution of the planet Alzarius.
They soon have other matters to worry about, as the TARDIS takes them to a human colony on the planet Vulcan.
But as Amy explores, she encounters the terrifying Smilers and learns a deadly truth inside the Voting Booth.
Carter plays tour guide for the visiting surgical intern hopefuls before going through the interview himself.
Meanwhile, Trent and Carlos rescue a young girl from a pedophile, but a carjacking costs them their evidence.
Elsewhere on the campaign trail, it's Halloween and Toby's and Santos' kids are dressing up for the occasion.
The boys see a commercial with Sally Struthers about adopting Ethiopian children, and getting a sports watch.
Slowly deteriorating, he confronts a series of doctors and specialists, and the realization that he is dying.
Sam calls Diane to congratulate her and ends up inviting her back to Boston where they reunite one last time.
The gang finds out that Frasier has officially divorced from Lilith so they try to cheer him up with a party.
The team investigates a girl whose whole family had been killed and she is supposedly possessed by the devil.
Meanwhile, Cartman is in search of a note on the recorder that causes people to lose control of their bowels.
They decide to make their own little Christmas special, seeing as there are so many others out there already.
The Doctor picks up Clara and goes to investigate the same signal, upon which rests the fate of the universe.
The whole team must investigate a crime where a husband and his porn star wife were murdered execution style.
They board the Bad ship and it is horrible, the crew are monsters and have let the ship go into abject decay.
Unable to sleep after their victory, Buffy, Xander, Giles, and Willow decide to stay up late watching movies.
Walter tells his story by way of black and white flashbacks which makes an interesting change from the usual.
Joey tells him not to worry, as long as there's chemistry on-stage, there isn't anything happening off-stage.
Meanwhile, Xena enjoys getting back to her country roots and Ares unexpectedly finds a friend in a stray dog.
When warehouse robberies get linked to the Russian mob, the Rangers call on the Moscow police for assistance.
Moving into position as fast as possible, the Enterprise readies to beam up the seemingly inexperienced crew.
While returning to Deep Space Nine with the Bajoran Orb of Time, the crew is thrown back to the 23rd Century.
While the Doctor searches for a way into the tomb, Barbara tries to stall Tlotoxl until the day of sacrifice.
Xena has been asked for help by Helen of Troy, also known as the woman who's beautylaunched a thousand ships.
A Satanic symbol found at the crime scenes suggests abducted children are going to be sacrificed on Halloween.
A casino employee is beaten and raped on her way home from work, but she survives and identifies her attacker.
Only Colonel Potter, burdened with a personal crisis, is immune from the high spirits enveloping the hospital.
A landing party, including the command staff, is infected with a disease that causes rapid aging and senility.
Eventually Kryten informs him of the absence of silicon heaven, which causes Hudzen 10's circuits to overload.
After spending the night at her place, Carter is shocked to find out that Rena is a 19-year-old undergraduate.
After Charlie and Dee unknowingly eat some of Frank's human meat, the two develop an insatiable hunger for it.
Mulder meets Melissa, a cultist who claims to have known him in a previous life during the American Civil War.
After discovering a 1936 Ford truck floating in space, Voyager follows an AM-band SOS call to a nearby planet.
After losing to the Marines once again, Colonel Potter wishes there was one sport the 4077th were any good at.
After receiving information about Dallas police officers dealing in drugs, Alex receives a threat on her life.
Agent Reyes enlists Mulder's help investigating a killer's connection to the unsolved murder of Doggett's son.
Frank contracts the fever and makes a will, leaving all his money to his wife and all his clothes to Hot Lips.
As a part of her new alliance with the Mayor, Faith tries to seduce Angel so that he will again lose his soul.
He feels even worse when he finds out that he is the only one who doesn't know about Riley and the Initiative.
After witnessing Doctor Lee rifling through Greene's locker, Jerry becomes convinced that she's stalking Mark.
Bert asks Sheldon to collaborate with him on a geology project, but Sheldon is concerned about his reputation.
Bruchner is attempting to destroy the ship while the vervoids and and an unknown killer stalk the crew within.
Xander impresses a beautiful girl with his knowledge of knots, and she seems to be interested in tying him up.
Xander meets a young woman, Nancy, whose dog was eaten by a large creature that burrowed up out of the ground.
Captain Kaplan is to be shipped home, but becomes paranoid that something will happen to him before he leaves.
Shep begins exhibiting uncontrolled hostility, first to a patient being abusive with Carol, then a pedestrian.
So bizarre it eventually lead to murder when both are found dead and it looks like the dog killed one of them.
When she wakes up she is told by a merman named Hagar that she's his wife and mother to his unusual offspring.
Cliff prods a reluctant Norm to join his lodge and Sam thinks Diane has invented a suitor to make him jealous.
Coach asks Diane to return to Cheers from her self-imposed vacation to help Sam, who has fallen off the wagon.
Numerous college students come into the ER, victims of fraternity/sorority pledging pranks and hazing rituals.
Unfortunately, that secrecy leads to mistrust on Cordy's part when the reality of their situation is revealed.
Diane announces that she's leaving Cheers to accompany Frasier to Italy and Sam throws her a going-away party.
Driven by Frank's insight into the world of politics, Dennis pursues a political career by running for office.
Luka confronts Abby about the estrangement between them, and she eventually reaches out and asks for his help.
Romano gives some of Weaver's duties to Lewis, making Kerry mad, until she meets a new friend on her way home.
Eli has resurrected Xena and Gabrielle, but Xena has lost all memory of the darkness and violence in her life.
To get on the set, Richie plans to get Ralph to enter a Howdy Doody look-alike contest the show is conducting.
From where we finished the previous season, Cat pilots Starbug into the Dwarf's landing bay which is now huge.
Lister offers to help Rimmer get promoted by giving him the crews confidential files which are aboard Starbug.
This is the only all-construction-paper episode of the series and the only one hand-animated by Trey and Matt.
With the help of a crime scene cleaner, they find there was more to their crime scene than they first thought.
Grissom, Catherine, Nick, Greg and Brass are investigating the death of a well known TV star called Annabelle.
When the story is released it claims that the enemy bombed the village, and the army tries to gag the doctors.
Hawkeye falls in love with Kyong Soon, a Korean woman who is caring for her sick mother and orphaned children.
In the 21st century, all travel is conducted via T-Mat, an instantaneous travel system operated from the Moon.
At the end of the day, the staff party, unaware that Carter and Lucy have both been stabbed by Lucy's patient.
Jessica's computer tech becomes an inadvertent target when she dates an undercover cop, whom she has just met.
Mr Treeger decides to evict Rachel and Monica, who have an illegal sublet of Monica's Grandmother's apartment.
Joshua invites Rachel to a club opening but she's already agreed to take her boss's niece, Emily to the opera.
Joey claims he's not circumcized, and then Monica helps him by making a variety of attachments to choose from.
Later, Pratt learns the case will be investigated, leading him confess his role to Luka so as to protect Hope.
The boys get the animals drunk, and the deed is done, but the Stan clone, starts wreaking havoc on South Park.
When it looks like all the bases are covered, Columbo must find a way to trip up this calm and collected lady.
Sheldon, home alone and looking forward to it, locks himself out and has only one other place to stay-Penny's.
Luka tries to extricate Pratt from a legal mess while Abby, confronted by a vengeful Ames, tries to reach him.
Marion forgets to set the parking brake in her car, and it rolls down a hill and through the wall at Arnold's.
The Doctor and Sarah try to discover the secret of the giant spiders and a way to resist their terrible power.
Monica also invites an old friend from high school, Will, not knowing he hates Rachel for how she treated him.
Part 1 of 2. The gang go on a cruise to escape their usual dynamic, but find it difficult to break old habits.
Radar gets accepted into the Famous Las Vegas Writers School, and begins to write his impressions of the camp.
Rebecca decides to take Woody's suggestion of raffling off a Caribbean vacation to get the bar out of a slump.
Rebecca's life suffers a further disruption when Evan Drake's replacement makes Sam the new manager of Cheers.
Richie and Potsie plan to host a poker night at the Cunningham house as Howard and Marion will be out of town.
Richie is writing a story about fears and phobias, and he finds out that Ralph is afraid of nearly everything.
Ross decides he wants to be with Rachel, but she views their night together as the perfect way to say goodbye.
Chandler gets a bit freaked out about the idea of a lasting commitment and ends up in an argument with Monica.
Sam casually tells Diane he loves her and sends her deep into an introspective analysis of their relationship.
Season Finale, Luka postpones his honeymoon, leaving Abby, Joe and the ER behind to begin a different journey.
Season Premiere, Three weeks after the death of Derek Fossen, Greene faces interrogation at an M&M conference.
Stardate: Unknown Picard's old archaeology professor is found murdered, the crew try to complete his research.
Stardate: Unknown Sisko must help a band of rebels fight a Klingon-Cardassian alliance in the mirror universe.
To Weaver's delight, Carter donates $150 million to the hospital's new venture, in exchange for naming rights.
Terrorists plan an urban release of anthrax in 48 hours, sending Walker and Trivette into action to stop them.
The 4077th is designated as the setting for the making of an army film on Mobile Army Surgical Hospital units.
The CSIs investigate a homicide that occurs at a convention for people who collect macabre murder memorabilia.
The Doctor and Bill wager on whether the Ninth Legion disappeared or not while fighting the Picts in Scotland.
Members of the crew are being possessed, and Martha gets stuck in a pod which will be catapulted into the Sun.
The Doctor returns to a Tibetan monastery which he hasn't visited for 300 years, only to be accused of murder.
The Doctor tries to return Ian and Barbara to their own time and they find themselves in Revolutionary France.
The brutal Odysseus finds this highly unlikely, especially when he catches Steven trying to rescue his friend.
Once he's there, he arranges for another kid to stand in for him and sneak food into the camp from the school.
The big Easter egg hunt is in jeopardy when there are rumors of a dangerous beast lurking in the woods nearby.
Rimmer and Lister leave together in Starbug but hit a meteor and crash on a snow planet with no way to escape.
The Doctor and his friends will be hard-pressed to escape before they are converted into emotionless servants,
The kids learn that Talk Shows offer special assistance to grossly disfigured people who appear on their show.
The murder of a retired Army Ranger brings the FBI in on the case, to Russell and Catherine's initial chagrin.
The ninth season comes to a shocking open when CSI Warrick Brown is shot and killed outside a Las Vegas diner.
The peace mission suffers its first American casualty, whose father is sharply critical of the administration.
Josh deals with two Democratic senators who won't support the administration's suit against tobacco companies.
The suicide of a campaign manager who is suspected of having an affair with a married woman excites the press.
Julie Adams, Gloria De Haven, Kathryn Grayson and Ruth Roman return as gossips Eve, Phyllis, Idal and Loretta.
There's no time for fun and games for Jimmy and his friends as they strive to be the champions of summer camp.
Shortly after returning to Sunnydale, Willow is captured by a demon who enjoys eating the skin of his victims.
Toby's old friend approaches him ready to blow the whistle on his employer's violations of environmental laws.
Trying to obtain the first segment of the Key to Time, the Doctor and Romana are swept up in an elaborate con.
Two young lovers are attacked by the minions of an arms dealer looking to make a fat profit by starting a war.
Voyager lands on a Demon-planet in order to mine for deuterium to replenish the ship's dangerously low supply.
Walker must clear Trivette's name, who's been accused in the disappearance of $5 million in counterfeit money.
When Ensign Lon Suder kills a crewmate, Tuvok performs a mind meld to help repress Suder's violent tendencies.
Buffy and the gang must hold together to stop the phenomena before reality and the nightmare world become one.
While holidaying on board a cruise liner, Columbo helps capture the killer, of the singer with the ships band.
The ghost of Jenny Calendar appears to him and reminds him in great detail of the evil deeds he has performed.
With nothing to do for the Easter holiday, Richie, Potsie, and Ralph decide to rent a cabin at Lake Whitefish.
With the Cybermen now intent on genocide, Tobias Vaughn and the Doctor must find a way to stop their invasion.
With the help of Artemis and the gang, Charlie attempts to put together a musical based on the song, Nightman.
Xena and Gabrielle meet a woman who preaches the way of the light, which seems to strike a chord in Gabrielle.
The chief takes this as an insult and sets his pet Emohawk, a smaller polymorph, see ep 3x3, Polymorph on them.
When the bus finally did come to a stop, it was on its right side on top of a sports car that was following it.
A case involving a strange old man warning two scientists of events in the immediate future which come to pass.
A corrupt sheriff fakes an accident to disguise his murder of a trucker who refused to help his drug smuggling.
Ray is quickly pushing people out the door, but may be doing so by not paying enough attention to his patients.
The psychic makes the death look as if the magician was killed accidentally by a guillotine he used as a trick.
A journalist died before finishing his book trying to show a man was unjustly convicted of murder 16 years ago.
Holly Gribbs is in the hospital and Warrick is up for suspension for leaving her at the crime scene by herself.
Elizabeth spends her day searching for the angel of death, finding that all signs point towards Doctor Babcock.
A routine missing person investigation leads Angel to an underground arena which uses captive demons for sport.
they encounter a number of obstacles, not the least of which is a fall in which Carter dislocates his shoulder.
Ross changes the seating arrangements to be nearer a pretty woman, Mona, but ends up at the kids table instead.
Cartman decides he's going to figure out a way to flashback to the past and learn all about history first hand.
Rimmer finds out that Lister also dated Lisa and the quandary created forces Lister to tell Rimmer what he did.
Angel discovers how hard it is being a new dad, especially when the demon underworld is after your newborn son.
Angel helps a newly infected werewolf named Nina, who is being hunted by a mysterious and wealthy organization.
To make matters worse, the gang is also threatened by a vampire cult who believe the baby is The Miracle Child.
Angel and the gang must find a way to help Lorne escape without sacrificing their own destinies in the process.
Donna resorts to extreme measures when Josh avoids her repeated attempts to sit down for a personal discussion.
As the Brigadier tries to organize resistance to the Cybermen, Zoe and Isobel try to obtain the proof he needs.
In tracking down the monster, the Scoobies soon discover that an estranged friend has returned to her old ways.
Carol must put her medical knowledge to the test as she tries to save one of the robbers and the store's owner.
Kayson brings charges against Susan in the Vennerbeck death, leading Morgenstern to question her assertiveness.
Cartman causes planes to crash while obsessed with thoughts of negroes rioting over the Trayvon Martin verdict.
Catherine Willows returns to help the CSI's solve a cold case which has haunted the team for the last 14 years.
Caught between the dueling Gods Discord and Aphrodite, Gabrielle is knocked unconscious and falls into the sea.
Chandler tries to get Joey to accept some money so he'll be able to get by for a few months without a roommate.
Donna receives shocking news when the Secret Service won't give her clearance to attend Abbey's birthday party.
The Minyans are searching for their race's lost gene banks, a quest which takes them to the edge of the galaxy,
Doggett and Scully look for answers that will save Reyes' life after she is injured in a horrible car accident.
Jeanie begins experiencing side effects from her medication and is asked out by a handsome construction worker.
Omar jumps out when there is trouble with the engine leaving Fonzie and Roger by themselves with no parachutes.
Frasier has been out on a date with a fellow psychiatrist, DoctorLilith Sternin, but things didn't go too well.
Gage's high school girlfriend is killed by carjackers, and the Rangers go on the case to bring them to justice.
Greene tries to help Mobalage when he's about to be deported, and Mark describes his beating in the men's room.
Greg, for his final proficiency, has to determine how the Sherlock Holmes of a Sherlock Holmes club was killed.
Doggett and Scully investigate the case further but find that something is definitely not right with the child.
Doyle has a vision of a young girl in trouble, prompting Angel to go on his first mission to help the helpless.
after hosting a surprise graduation party for Charlie, Zoey agrees to his taking her out to a thank-you dinner.
But concern about the way she died leads Willow to believe that she may have been pulled into a hell dimension.
It's time for Butters to learn the truth about himself when he is diagnosed with multiple personality disorder.
When they learn that Phoebe's counting on one, they make a quick call and hire the first one that is available.
The simulant brings Kryten's body aboard his ship and tells another series 4000 mechanoid, Able, to repair him.
Langston and Riley are taken hostage during the aftermath of a shootout in an usually calm Las Vegas community.
Chen gets a call from the Chinese embassy and heads for a plane as her vacationing parents were in an accident.
Luka finds himself dealing with Abby's reaction, but love prevails, and in the end, events come off as planned.
Marion encourages K. C. to date, so she accepts an invitation to Arnold's Gala Costume Ball from Melvin Belvin.
To show Howard that she is a responsible person, she goes to court to take full responsibility for her actions.
Mark goes to a trauma scene with the EMTs, where he treats a gunshot victim who has a bomb strapped to himself.
A poisonous snake gets loose in the ER. Benton offends Haleh, who spends her day making his job more difficult.
Meanwhile, Fred and Gunn begin to question their relationship while Cordy and Connor team up to find the Beast.
At the height of the conflict, Monica gets a call from the adoption agency telling them they're getting a baby.
Rachel is terribly jealous and wants Ross to be with her at all times to help her out, which he is happy to do.
Bradey maneuvers the friend into being electrocuted on a film set that he orders watered down for a film shoot.
When the Team arrives to rescue him, they find he has fallen in love with a veterinarian who tired to save him.
The cat turns out to belong to Paolo, an Italian hunk who lives in the building and doesn't speak much English.
Romano's rehab lags behind his expectations, and he begins to doubt his role in surgery is no longer an option.
Hawkeye and Trapper colour the skin of a racist patient who demanded the right colour blood while he is asleep.
Paddy's Pub becomes a makeshift courtroom as Frank and Dennis each present their cases to the rest of the gang.
Lister secretly takes some of the Luck Virus and escapes from the holding cell and heads to find his compadres.
Gandolf cancels and Ross and Chandler are left bored, until Joey convinces them that they can party themselves.
Phoebe's former singing partner, Leslie performs at Central Perk and asks Phoebe if they can get back together.
Q places the senior crew of the Enterprise in a war game that pits them against a boar-faced, Napoleonic enemy.
Phoebe's brother, Frank, announces that he's getting married, to his home economics teacher, who is much older.
Their relationship starts out great, but soon Janice can't stand Ross's constant whining and she breaks it off.
Because Monica doesn't like Chandler's recently divorced Boss, Chandler tries to cancel a dinner date with him.
Richie makes up a story to tell Lori Beth when he's actually escorting a baton twirler to the fraternity dance.
Richie, Potsie, and Ralph want to join the best fraternity on campus, but they have to survive Hell Week first.
He has 15 hours to pass his Astro-Nav exam and become an Officer, The same exam he's already failed nine times.
Sam lets a dying man tend bar just for fun, but the man leaves the bar patrons $100,000 in a paper napkin will.
Sam lets the sexy appeal of an agent and the glamour of the public spotlight lure him into being a TV pitchman.
Sam puts the bar's former owner in charge while he and the guys go to a drive-in theater before it closes down.
While Pratt drives Elgin Gibbs home en route to dinner with Chen, the three are shot at by an irritated driver.
Pratt is still pursuing his dreams of becoming Chief of the ER, and Gates is worried about his future with Sam.
Unfortunately, Hainsley is very powerful and he offers Spike a chance to be made flesh again,, in Angel's body.
Will the boys find Kenny, or his ticket stub? And, is Saddam stockpiling weapons of mass destruction in Heaven?
Stardate: Unknown Q places Vash and the senior Enterprise crew in a recreation of Robin Hood and his merry men.
Stardate: Unknown Data discovers that the maintenance robots built by Doctor Farallon may have become sentient.
Stardate: Unknown In order to restore the timeline, Sisko must pose as Gabriel Bell, a hero of Earth's history.
When the Defiant is taken over by the Jem'Hadar, it's up to the tiny crew of the Rubicon to take back the ship.
Stardate: Unknown A blind Geordi is trapped on a hazardous planet with a paranoid and severely injured Romulan.
Does 'The Poseidon Adventure' hold the key to his rescue, or would Father Jack's pet brick come in more useful?
The Bad team captures Lister and implant him with a mind-controlling device and program him to kill the others.
The A-Team is hired by the sister of a killed soldier, who was involved in arms trafficking at a military base.
The Doctor and Martha visit New Earth, and Martha gets kidnapped by two car jackers heading towards a motorway.
Within a pyramid, surrounded by an acid sea, rests a machine capable of bringing peace and order to the planet.
The Doctor faces a new enemy, the Knightmare, an English highwayman in 1651 who has access to alien technology.
The Osbournes in South Park? A naked man claiming to be Stan from the future is welcomed into the Marsh's home.
The brother of an illegal arms dealer killed by Walker gets revenge by making him fight deadly martial artists.
Josh and Toby are less than thrilled when Leo brings Angela on board to assume some of Josh's responsibilities.
The first Halloween episode starts off with the failure of the Mir Space Station, which crashes right on Kenny.
The gang receives some valuable information from their old enemy Anya, who has actually witnessed an Ascension.
The head of a military school, kills one of the governors, by sabotaging the gun, that is used on founders day.
He then uses a recording of a faked phone call as an alibi to prove he was elsewhere at the time of the murder.
surprisingly, Leo receives a last minute reprieve at the hands of the Majority Counsel and the committee Chair.
The victim of a childhood kidnapping sees more in the manuscript she is editing than coincidence would suggest.
To keep the school board from firing him for incompetence, Mr Garrison assigns group oral reports to his class.
Unfortunately he botches it and Holly gets an I.Q. of 12000 but winds up with only 3 minutes of life remaining.
Three cheerleaders come to the ER after ingesting chocolates laced with LSD, which Deb later accidentally eats.
Valentine's Day starts badly when the Iranian air force shoots down a British airliner, killing 100 passengers.
Walker must find a way to prove a condemned man's guilty plea was the result of blackmail before he's executed.
And Weaver and Kovac differ on what to do with a young boy whose medical history suggests repeated child abuse.
When Faith refuses to face up to the consequences of her actions, Buffy tries to get help from Giles and Angel.
When Odo contracts a mysterious illness, the Defiant crew bring him to the Gamma Quadrant to find the Founders.
When a small town chalks up five lightning-related deaths, Mulder suspects something is amiss in rural America.
While searching for dilithium, the Delta Flyer, under Harry's command, comes to the aid of a ship under attack.
Its mother, Grinhilda, has the power of the ring and is bent on destroying Xena and anyone who gets in her way.
A fishing trip is interrupted when drug dealers lay siege to the cabin where Walker and his friends are staying.
A military strategist refuses to accept responsibility for the war games that have mortally wounded his own son.
A poet discovers an unconscious B'Elanna Torres in the damaged Delta Flyer, after it crash landed on his planet.
A trying day at the movie shoot leaves Penny with questions about her life choices, so she decides to act on it.
After he makes sure that Lilah will not rise as a vampire, the former Watcher goes in search of a powerful ally.
After Frank discovers that Danny Fitzsimmons has shot himself to get out of combat, Father Mulcahy is called in.
Frank sets out with his trusty chainsaw and a doubtful Charlie to find evidence to implicate Mac in the murders.
Gabrielle takes up the mantle of Queen to help rebuild the tribe and keep them from seeking pointless vengeance.
After discovering that he might have cancer, Mac and Dennis attempt to find a woman who will sleep with Charlie.
But when a statue of the Virgin Mary begins to bleed, he sees it as a miracle that can cure him of his 'disease.
Feeling left out and suspicious of their friends' secretive activities, Frank and Charlie decide to spy on them.
After years of being mistreated by Frank during the holiday season, Dennis and Dee decide to teach him a lesson.
Alderman Bright returns to blackmail Weaver into treating his gay lover for syphilis, off the record, of course.
Unfortunately, the man dies from an allergic reaction to penicillin and Kerry is forced to cover up her mistake.
An indian shaman transports Walker back to the 19th century to prevent a recurrence of a 20th century injustice.
Very soon, Arlene thinks that Richie wants to go steady with her, and Richie tries to find a way to put her off.
The Doctor and Kewper manage to escape, but Kewper goes straight to the Squire with news of the hidden treasure.
Carter signs off on George Henry's internship after performing an intubation on a patient that was already dead.
Carla asks Sam to tell her teenage son about the joys of bachelorhood and to discourage his urge to get married.
Jeanie and Greg Fischer disagree on whether to inform a patient's spouse that he's suffering from neurosyphilis.
Weaver and Mark each take a trio of prospective students through a day in the ER, with widely differing results.
Carol treats a boy who was hit by a car and tells a story of being chased, his friend being shot in the process.
Cartman confronts his Mother about it, and she says that he was conceived at the 12th Annual Drunken Barn Dance.
Amy can't get Emma's or Phoebe's names right, carelessly insults everyone, and in general drives everyone crazy.
Dennis wants to build a mobile Paddy's pub experience, but runs into trouble when customers refuse to cooperate.
Dorm life proves to be a challenge as Buffy has to deal with a roommate who is more than a little bit difficult.
ER's 300th episode finds Luka and Abby hurriedly preparing to travel to Croatia after Luka's father passes away.
He finds out he could get fired, but the forbidden nature of the relationship makes Elizabeth want it even more.
Fonzie meets a beautiful woman, Nancy Haley, at his garage while listening to the radio in a beat-up 1955 Chevy.
Fonzie's long-lost brother from San Francisco, whom Fonzie didn't know existed, tracks Fonzie down in Milwaukee.
Later, at the mall, the puppet insists they make a music video, which launches the hand puppet's musical career.
Meanwhile, a nearly invincible stranger sent by the Senior Partners, infiltrates Wolfram & Hart looking for Eve.
It's Pinewood Derby time in South Park, and Stan and Randy are working furiously to build the best car possible.
Joanie and Chachi have the opportunity to appear on a television music show but learn that their format is folk.
Phoebe, hearing that Monica has guests standing in line outside her restaurant, decides to play her music there.
However, while feeling kind of desperate she tries to move way too fast with Joshua and ends up scaring him off.
Kirk and Spock encounter a mysterious alien named Lazarus who claims to be hunting a ruthless maniacal creature.
After the blast, they realise that they accidentally triplicated Red Dwarf and there are two copies left behind.
Chef tells the boys that in order to make a pot-bellied elephant, the elephant would have to make love to a pig.
While patrolling the border, General Martok detects the first wave of Dominion ships headed for Deep Space Nine.
Lister and Rimmer hunt through the mountain of letters from the mail pod to discover if Lister is finally a dad.
Josh meets with Jeff Breckenridge, who is irritating certain Congressmen with his stance on slavery reparations.
During the presentation, Stan calls Cartman a dirty name with sexual connotations, prompting Cartman to sue him.
Mulder and Scully return to the town of their first X-Files investigation where a UFO has crashed in the forest.
Abby helps a woman who might have breast cancer make a difficult decision, then makes a discovery about Dubenko.
Once more Hawkeye writes home to his father, the doctors operate on a soldier with a grenade shot into his body.
During the wedding ceremony, Ross accidentally speaks Rachel's name instead of Emily's, halting the proceedings.
Meanwhile on the surface, more divine counsel is given by Jesus, who appears at Cartman's now-profitable church.
However, after learning that Lori Beth's roommate likes men who live alone, Potsie has to stay in his apartment.
Prisoners of the earliest humans, the TARDIS crew are caught in a deadly power play for leadership of the tribe.
Rachel stalls Monica, but is just about to reveal that Chandler is missing when Ross and Phoebe return with him.
Joey and Phoebe argue about whether any truly selfless good deeds exist, so Phoebe tries repeatedly to find one.
Rebecca moons over Evan Drake's bedroom as Norm repaints it, but she's caught when the man returns unexpectedly.
Rejected from a pool club, Mac and Charlie set out fix an abandoned pool to help cope with the Philly heat wave.
Monica and Chandler coach Erica through delivery at the hospital, and all are surprised when she delivers twins.
Luckily, Katie nearly gets in a fight with Rachel and threatens to walk out on Joey if he doesn't take her side.
When busboy Andy Broom is arrested for Weingard's murder, Jessica gets involved in an attempt to clear his name.
After being chased all over the ship, Lister decides the only way to defeat it is to turn him into a superhuman.
However, they are now exhibiting all indications that they function as individuals and not as a collective mind.
Stardate: Unknown A band of Cardassian-hating militants known as the 'Maquis' starts attacking Cardassian ships.
Stardate: Unknown A Bajoran prophecy is nearly fulfilled when a comet threatens to destroy the Bajoran Wormhole.
Ted goes on a picnic, Mr Benson's whistle is stolen and Dougal learns an important lesson about true friendship.
But the inhabits of Inter Minor are suspicious of the Miniscope and may destroy it before the Doctor can escape,
The Doctor barricades everyone in the lighthouse to protect them from the mysterious deadly creature in the fog.
The Doctor is apparently dead, Peri at the mercy of the brutal Officers, the Governor on the verge of execution.
The Doctor lands on the remote planet Messaline as a generations-old war rages and the threat of genocide looms.
Greene and Carter treat the most severely injured, a boy suffering from third degree burns over 80% of his body.
The McPoyles hold the entire gang hostage at Paddys while Frank is busy searching for his will in the air ducts.
The Doctor does so, and as he'd hoped, the test Daleks imbued with the Human Factor become playful and friendly.
The Time Lords have sent the second Doctor and Jamie here to try to stop dangerous experiments into time travel.
Meanwhile, Angel tells Buffy that he wants her to have a chance at the normal life that he could never give her.
The boys go to the mall to see Mr Hankey, but Kyle discovers that Mr Hankey is a fake and all hell breaks loose.
Meanwhile, Big Gay Al's replacement as Scout leader seems like he would be more suited to be a member of NAMBLA.
The brewery family is angry when they find out the writer acting as spokesperson for them has written an expose.
As they begin to act impulsively, Seven works with Naomi Wildman to save everyone from what she fears is a trap.
The gang finally finds out what has happened to Diane Chambers when they see her winning an award on television.
The pieces of Nemesis are broken up and the Cybermen, De Flores and Peinfort fight to gain control of all three.
In the planets' caves war rages between government troops and the android warriors of the mysterious Sharaz Jek.
An artist becomes one of the suspects when they find out he has his models pose as dead bodies for his pictures.
His sentence is to re-live the last few moments of his victim's life every 14 hours through a memory transplant.
Trapped in the Matrix, the Doctor must untangle the shifting alliances of his oldest enemy and his ultimate foe.
Trapper and Hawkeye seek to keep a new nurse from being transferred by Hot Lips, and they vie for her affection.
when their heater won't turn off and the super doesn't fix it, they fear he's also upset about not getting cash.
Monica realizes they must know, so she and Chandler play along, and each side tries to see who will crack first.
The Doctor must find a way to get past its ferocious war machines and destroy the computer before it's too late.
An evangelical Christian in town with her choir, she is deeply taken aback when she discovers that Kerry is gay.
When Voyager beams aboard a wounded Hirogen, they inadvertently allow aboard his prey, a member of Species 8472.
Stan could lose Wendy if he doesn't get involved, and Cartman would rather kill himself than join in on the fad.
When the boys are allowed to read a banned book in their class, it inspires them to write their own masterpiece.
While Mulder is forced to take a vacation he leaves Scully with an assignment to keep her busy until he returns.
While attempting to take an artifact from a personal residence, the gang learns that the owners are still there.
Meanwhile Giles is trying to keep his cool in front of the insufferably stuffy new watcher, Wesley Wyndam-Pryce.
Hannibal and Face get arrested, but manage to escape only to join up with the local sheriff to protect the town.
Woody takes responsibility for a vase broken by Rebecca at a company party, and winds up pals with the big boss.
He soon discovers that the monks are responsible, and they present humanity with a simple choice, consent or die.
Faith, who was called after Kendra died, seems like a fun-loving, wacky teenager who fits right in with the gang.
When the author, Sybil Reed, returns to town, her book becomes the central piece of evidence in a murder mystery.
Doctor Gordana Horvat, who attended medical school with Kovac, brings a boy from Croatia who needs heart surgery.
He gets caught cheating on a test and, as a result, gets suspended from school and gets in hot water with Fonzie.
Scully believes the woman is a delusional schizophrenic but Mulder allows himself to be drawn into her fantasies.
Chachi tries to convince her to stay with him in Chicago after he isn't willing to go with her back to Milwaukee.
An American nephew, out to get the family business, gets a different kind and the Irish widow's son is suspected.
An alien from the planet Marklar lands in Ethiopia, but is eaten by lions when he tries to communicate with them.
An archaeological dig at the site of Coronado's City of Gold does not please everyone and a new corpse is dug up.
Josh dismisses a NASA proposal for a manned Mars mission until an agency staffer shows him the error of his ways.
As Howard awaits blast-off, he recounts how the gang threw together a last-minute wedding for him and Bernadette.
As the Sadie Hawkins Dance nears, Buffy faces inner demons as she feels responsible for the loss of Angel's soul.
Bartlet struggles to name a nominee to the Supreme Court when the perfect nominee turns out to be not so perfect.
Bashir is possessed by an alien criminal who attempts to hijack a Gamma quadrant freighter filled with deuridium.
As the Lawrence's performance deteriorates, Kerry and Mark use a fake patient to convince him of his Alzheimer's.
Benton takes advantage of a grieving father for a chance to write a paper on a boy with reversed internal organs.
Buffy decides that in order to take care of herself and Dawn she must get back to college and find herself a job.
Eventually the Slayer goes herself in search of knowledge, and finds a new ally, an old friend, and great danger.
Peter observes Kotlowitz install a cochlear implant and decides to wait before scheduling an operation for Reese.
But his age and experience gives him a perspective that serves him well, even in marketing products to teenagers.
On his way he encounters many enemies especially in the finale' as his office and every X-File is torched by CSM.
While Lynch prepares to fight back, he can count on the fact, that the rest of the team will be there in no time.
Brass and Catherine get to handle the case of Donna, who's a cop from San Francisco, moonlighting as a bodyguard.
Diane feels depressed and left out of the gang's activities so Frasier organizes a day just for her-at the opera.
Weaver suggests that Elizabeth look into alternative methods to stay in America, like starting over as an intern.
Wesley discovers a strange symbol in one of his books which turns out to be the mark for an evil, secret society.
Back in Chicago, Luka and Kerry differ over Clemente's next step, and Pratt and Neela treat a hit-and-run victim.
Fifteen years ago, Catherine helped put a man on death row for the rape and murder of a coed at a nearby college.
An old friend of Chandler's, Dana is Directing an Al Pacino movie, and Joey asks Chandler to get him an audition.
Mr and Mrs Geller come over as well, and Chandler finds out they don't like him because they think he does drugs.
Frustration mounts for the CSI team as another victim surfaces and all evidence points to the Gig Harbour Killer.
Henry is reminded of his wife back home when Radar places a call for him, and he realises it's his wife he loves.
High on morphine, Doctor Morgenstern gives Weaver increased authority while he recuperates from his heart attack.
Will they get there in time? Is there even a way through the treacherous caves? And what are the Daleks planning?
Meanwhile, the team also investigates the strange way of life of one man when he is found decapitated by a train.
Giles is entertaining an old girlfriend who is visiting from England, and Xander is away on a cross-country trip.
Jake Sisko and Julian Bashir are caught in the middle of a battle between a Federation colony and a Klingon army.
Jessica goes along with the ruse, which has her as Emma's heir, in the hopes of flushing out the would-be killer.
Ross secretly tells him about the hug and roll, -a maneuver designed to end the cuddling and give you some space.
When he finds out she's going away without him, he starts to worry about how much partying she might be planning.
Klinger is so depressed by news that his ex-wife plans to remarry, he reenlists for an additional six-year hitch.
Lawyer Leslie Williams concocts an elaborate plan to make her husband's murder look like a kidnapping gone wrong.
Bartlet is faced with resolving an 11 day standoff with the KSU bombers in Iowa who are holding an injured child.
Pratt disappears from the ER for a community-related reason, and learns a surprising truth about a family member.
Marooned in Britain in 23 AD, the Dwarfers need an 8-volt battery to power up their Returner Remote and get home.
Rimmer and Kryten come along and, while Cat is showing what happened to Lister, he traps Kryten in the same beam.
Mob hysteria grips the station when Odo is suspected of committing a murder after a Bajoran's body is discovered.
Phoebe helps Chandler prepare for a job interview, so he can control his tendancy to make jokes about everything.
Morris becomes the man of the hour in a busy ER while Pratt must defend his actions, and accept the consequences.
While searching for the cat's owner, Rachel and Phoebe meet the Weird Man, known in later episodes as Mr Heckles.
On the eve of the millennium, Cartman announces that he has gotten his period, and therefore has entered puberty.
While moving her stuff out of Ralph Lauren, she bumps into Mark, who caused all the jealousy seven years earlier.
Meanwhile, Sheldon is at loose ends when he begins to believe he's wasted his life trying to prove string theory.
Rebecca is secretly very upset when one of Robin's previous lovers goes public claiming to be his current affair.
Meanwhile, Sam hires a bouncer named Tiny, but can't bring himself to fire Tiny when nobody wants to go near him.
Rebecca thinks she's finally got a shot at Evan Drake when he invites her and Sam for a weekend aboard his yacht.
Refusing to accept that her mother's death is the end, Dawn becomes obsessed with using magick to bring her back.
Howard is able to get Richie an interview with The Milwaukee Journal, but Richie doesn't appear to be interested.
Richie and Lori Beth want to get married, but Lori Beth cannot go to Richie's base until they're already married.
Sam may have played his last prank when it appears that his Halloween trick may have killed his old nemesis Gary.
Scully fears that Mulder has gone to the other side when she sees him assisting a federal suspect escape custody.
Meanwhile, Raj is conflicted when an attractive writer for a children's sci-fi show asks to collaborate with him.
Since his return to County, Luka has become obsessed with treating and streeting patients as quickly as possible.
Stardate: Unknown Picard encounters his double from six hours in the future, whose Enterprise had been destroyed.
Stardate: Unknown Data becomes a father when he creates a Soong-type android in the form of a daughter named Lal.
Starfleet uses the Enterprise to test a new super-sophisticated computer, but it soon develops a mind of its own.
When Oz discovers that Willow and Tara are more than friends, however, he loses control and the wolf is set free.
The Doctor finds that the key to the mystery of the Psychic Circus lies within the mind of the deranged Deadbeat.
But soon, trouble is afoot, when they discover that any worker promoted to a position on level 500 never returns.
The Enterprise's command crew must thwart an invasion by aliens from another galaxy who plan to conquer this one.
The aftermath of their get together isn't all she hoped it would be, when Rebecca finds Robin with another woman.
From the missing pieces, the gang deduces that someone has collected almost enough parts to build their own girl.
The Inquisitor as a self-repairing simulant who survived to the end of time, only to find no heaven or afterlife.
The crew investigate an alien vessel and are exposed to a hallucinogenic substance which induces extreme dispair.
But while the country is celebrating, the President-elect surprises everyone when he shows up at the White House.
In order to stop them, the crew of the Defiant must team up with a band of Jem'Hadar still loyal to the Founders.
The gang decides to expand their business by developing a number of products that they could sell at Paddy's pub.
Sheldon and Amy go to visit Sheldon's mom, who is thrilled that they are living together, which confuses Sheldon.
The gay marriage debate lands in South Park and unbeknownest to them, Stan & Kyle hold the answer in their hands.
The kids at South Park Elementary are being punished for Cartman's failings in the physical education department.
The kids in South Park have fallen victim to the latest fad, Chinpokomon, a Japanese cartoon/toy line/video game.
The boys find themselves tasked with resolving the strike so they can see some new episodes of Terrance & Philip.
The Doctor begins to suspect that his old foes, the Ice Warriors, are behind the savage attacks on the delegates,
The number of homeless people in South Park is increasing as they eat, sleep, and beg for change across the town.
As a troubled youth, Giles, known then as Ripper and his friends summoned a demon called Eyghon, The Sleepwalker.
The show starts off with the build up from last season's cliffhanger revolving around Cartman's paternal origins.
Chandler objects but Monica and Rachel offer to kiss each other for a full minute if they can keep the apartment.
Radar, the housing officer, starts doubling people up to save fuel and Klinger is thrown out of the nurse's tent.
When it turns out the officer died from friendly fire, it is up to the team to find out who fired the fatal shot.
The travellers arrive on the island of Morphoton, where they are told they can have whatever their hearts desire.
There is something strange about a software expert's sudden death from bleeding ulcers that just doesn't compute.
To capitalize on the high gas prices, the guys invest in barrels of gasoline that they plan to sell door to door.
Unfortunately, some accidental magic turns the party into a house of horrors where everyone's fears come to life.
To help stop gang related activites, Walker organizes basketball tournaments amongst a group of interracial kids.
She powers down the ship to preserve her lifespan and the crew have to fend for themselves without heat or power.
Voyager must find a way to stop Starling, before his attempted use of the timeship destroys Earth's Solar System.
the staff realizes that Lillienfield's efforts to bring down Leo are going to get ugly when Josh gets a subpoena.
When Henry goes for some R&R, Hawkeye pretends to crack up so that Frank will let him and Trapper go on some R&R.
When a Sara in crisis is accused of murder, it's race against time and a suspect from the past to clear her name.
Meanwhile, a louse Travis, is desperate to save his fellow lice from imminent destruction from a conscious world.
When coming to an exaphobic isolationist planet, Captain Kirk and his landing party are punished for trespassing.
Back at home, with the girls gone, the four guys want to invent something new, but keep focusing on other things.
While Rimmer goes back to convince himself, Lister and Cat find Kochanski at a hotel, but she is already married.
While getting his nails done, Chandler runs into Janice, newly divorced and not willing to let Chandler get away.
His daughter is suing Jessica for $50 million, and the prime witness in the case years ago has changed his story.
With her emotional anchor gone, Willow gives in to the dark magick that she had turned away from for Tara's sake.
If the human race is obliterated, the Earth can be sold on the Galactic Black Market for a very reasonable price.
Woody has trouble with the love scenes for his first starring role and the guys have a beard-growing competition.
A camping trip turns nightmarish when Alex is kidnapped by deranged brothers, and the men must come to the rescue.
A dear friend's involvement with the theft of a priceless Egyptian relic and a murder birng Jessica to the rescue.
A serial killer is captured after a three year manhunt and he claims an evil spirit is responsible for the crimes.
A small town editor in Montana threatens to claim in public that he is the real author of a dead man's manuscript.
A wealthy Dallas family and staff are murdered, then another family's daughter is abducted by the same masked men.
Carla hits on Benton and freaks out at Cleo after she turns her back on Reese for a second and he injures himself.
The team finds that the brother is involved in this investigation and has to deal with him and his hostile mother.
Angelus continues his obsessive torment of Buffy by visiting her during the night and leaving presents in her bed.
As the temperatures reach triple digits, Hawkeye and BJ receive their new rubber bathtub from Abercrombie & Fitch.
As usual Frank's normal drone of verbal abuse upsets Ginger, so Hawkeye puts his arm in a cast while he is asleep.
Kira makes plans to steal Breen technology that would make the Federation ships immune to Breen/Dominion weaponry.
Joey's status as the Bijan Cologne Man is threatened when his department store hires someone to be the Hombre Man.
Cleo is forced to crack open a man's chest to save his live when no surgeon is available, much to Benton's dismay.
He also attempts to romance Carol, who is distracted from her work by the arrival of a birthday present from Doug.
Phoebe doesn't believe in evolution, which bothers Ross enough that he feels he has to convince her of the theory.
Meanwhile, a young soldier, Jerry Neilsen, can't remember his own identity, so Sidney Freedman is called for help.
Cherokee youth are stealing artifacts from a museum, claiming they were taken from their ancestral burial grounds.
Cyborg assassins attack the offices of Wolfram and Hart for a magical device that will give them control of Angel.
Duped into investing in financial schemes, the gang tries to recoup their losses by getting others to participate.
During Vegas' latest Heat wave of triple digit temperatures, Gil and Catherine investigate a baby locked in a car.
Ross is more than a little obnoxious, so Chandler and Joey pressure him to move to a new place, even if it's tiny.
Faith, the rogue Slayer, arrives in L.A., and Wolfram and Hart make plans to use her in their fight against Angel.
The mysterious contents of the box lead the boys to Afghanistan where Cartman squares off against Osama bin Laden.
Fonzie discovers thousands of dollars in counterfeit money hidden in a casket inside of a hearse he is working on.
Fonzie is the best man at the wedding of an old pal, but the bride-to-be stops the ceremony after spotting Fonzie.
Fonzie takes Howard to court after Fonzie's pigeon cage falls through the roof of his apartment during a blizzard.
When they finally land, or crash Starbug we learn that the nanobots have resurrected the crew along with the ship.
As he saunters down the corridors amidst several women giving him the eye, he declares, The World Loves a Bastard!
Trapper decides to adopt him after consulting his wife, and has to rescue him after he wanders into the minefield.
Howard and Marion consider holding the wedding at their home when the man can't find anyone else willing to do it.
Now Buffy must face Moloch's human minions, while Giles must figure out how to exorcise a demon from the Internet.
En route, B.J. gets his first taste of surgery under fire, -and Hawkeye realizes that he's found a kindred spirit.
In the continuation of the alternate reality, Ross and Carol have a threesome with Susan, but Ross feels left out.
after being benched from the staff meetings, Josh gets put back in the game by Jed and sets the stage for victory.
Before long it's Nita herself who needs to worry when her boss ends up dead and Nita looks like the prime suspect.
Jimmy is having trouble controlling his body, and it seems like it could hurt him in the school's big talent show.
Klinger discovers that his duties as company clerk include catering to the eccentric whims of the 4077th officers.
Kryten tells Lister that his creator was supposed to be married to another scientist but he left her at the alter.
Lawrence exhibits signs of forgetfulness, which Lucy catches, while treating a teenager who tried to hang himself.
Sam's son Alex spends the day in the ER, following Luka around for most of it, ending with Luka X-raying his head.
Lister is quite annoyed that his right arm has been cut off, but seems to enjoy Kryten nursing him 24 hours a day.
Major Kira makes a shocking discovery while trying to uncover the identity of a suspected Cardassian war criminal.
Weaver is suspended after disobeying a direct order from Romano, regarding the care of a mentally challenged girl.
Joey gets tickets to a hockey game and he and Ross go, even though it could conflict with the Thanksgiving dinner.
Joey gets Phoebe a job doing extra work on Days Of Our Lives, but she takes her characters a little too seriously.
Nick and Greg have a barn full of scattered body parts to piece together, without names or heads to identify them.
While Gil and Catherine work on the head, Sara and Nick investigate a body in the desert that's missing it's head.
Phoebe fights phone friction while trying to warn Joey and Chandler that Rachel is on her way to ruin the wedding.
she makes a fool of herself trying to make him like her, she even puts on her old high-school cheerleader uniform.
He contacts his agent, Estelle, who mistakenly believes he'd gone to another agent, to arrange for some auditions.
Raj's parents set him up on a blind date, and when he discovers he can talk to her, she shows interest in Sheldon.
Rebecca is hurt and jealous when Sam's promoted to corporate headquarters until she finds out why he was moved up.
Romano is later named Acting Chief of the ER. Doctor Greene treats a Nigerian janitor for back pain and impotency.
The Daleks are drilling deep into Skaro for something and the Doctor has an awful suspicion about their objective,
Once they're completely drunk, Rachel finally agrees to go back down to the casino, after she draws on Ross' face.
Neither Chandler nor Monica wants to go through with their own marriage plans, but each one is scared to back out.
He arranges for Rachel and Joey to have dinner with Charlie and him, where he's an emotional wreck and very drunk.
When Ross and Rachel finally do talk, it's all negative, and Rachel decides to move back in with Joey for a while.
Joey and Chandler go sight-seeing, but Joey's tourist behavior embarrasses Chandler and they split up for the day.
Sam lends Rick the cap and Rick's performance improves greatly, whilst Sam goes through a period of very bad luck.
Satan is throwing the world's biggest Halloween costume party, and no one is getting in without a blue wrist band.
The ER is inundated with a tour group and a wedding party with food poisoning from eating at the same Hofbrauhaus.
Amy gets incredibly jealous of Sheldon having a female assistant, but Alex is actually more interested in Leonard.
The Bajoran Wormhole implodes, all the Orbs go dark, and Sisko is forced to take time out while the war continues.
Kira, Damar and Garak destroy a power supply on Cardassia as the Cardassian population rises against the Dominion.
Soon all the children have called the police on their parents and they are the only ones left populating the town.
Stan reports on school lunches, Butters covers the celebrity watch, Token does the weather and Kyle covers sports.
Stardate: Unknown An away team is trapped in an alien environment based around a novel entitled 'The Hotel Royale.
Stardate: Unknown Worf returns from a Klingon competition to find that he is shifting through different realities.
Meanwhile, aboard the Enterprise Troi takes the bridge officer's test in an attempt to gain the rank of Commander.
Jadzia must decide if she will honor the oath Curzon took and go with them with the intention of killing this man.
Mark and Elizabeth treat a six-year-old Edwards Syndrome patient whose parents abandon him while he is in surgery.
Susan, Sam, and Neela treat a woman who has tried to stop her son from being deported by going on a hunger strike.
They have to try and save a man named Curtis, the only man left alive who can clear them, but will he betray them?
The CSIs discover a link between the death of a popular young singer and a murder that happened over 50 years ago.
The CSIs set out to track down a pedophile suspected of murdering an FBI agent's wife and kidnapping his children.
The Doctor arrives at Lake Silencio in Utah because he needs to keep the universe safe, by going to his own death.
After questioning Craig Charles, they finally find their creator, who tells them that their deaths are inevitable.
The Sevateem launch another attack to try to free Xoanon as the Doctor tries to figure out his role in their past.
The crew of Voyager make contact with the Caretaker's mate, Suspiria, and hope she will be able to send them home.
Rachel tries to set Monica and herself up with two male nurses, which causes problems between Monica and Chandler.
The luxury of having packages delivered to your doorstep is suddenly a threat to every family in the neighborhood.
Leo wants to find a way to help a major campaign contributor whose company is faced with a massive product recall.
The team investigates the death of a psychic who saw her own death while performing a reading for two other women.
The unstable Doctor has landed on Titan 3, where the kidnapped Sylvest twins are held by the mysterious Edgeworth.
Toby and Mandy push for a commerce bill with a census-counting provision, with three votes as the deciding factor.
Trapped in the body of Callisto, Xena must help a mortal Ares recover his sword and restore him as the God of War.
Two arrogant college students in Columbo's class on criminology kill a professor that discovers they are cheating.
When a second couple is murdered in a similar fashion the team suspects a pair of serial killers are on the loose.
Phoebe discovers that everything she thought she knew about her biological father, including his picture is a lie.
Undercover in a prison, Walker is left alone when the corrupt assistant warden discovers Trivette and removes him.
Viewers have the chance to help the Doctor fight off the threat of the Graske in this special interactive episode.
Walker is critically wounded after confronting ranchers who were going to kill federally protected mustang horses.
Wendy wants to set up Bebe with Kyle, so she ask Stan if the four of them can play Truth or Dare in his clubhouse.
While working on the case, Warrick finds himself drawn to a rising young singer who worked with the dead musician.
As he spends time with his people and starts to forge relationships with them, he faces a very difficult decision.
When a mix of steroids and meth starts killing high schoolers, Walkers seeks the source of the deadly combination.
When a runaway sex slave is murdered during a rave in the desert, the detectives have to find the man responsible.
Sara eventually discovers the truth for herself, and helps the Doctor and Steven to recover the TARDIS and escape.
They attempt to rob an armored van but Buffy crashes the party resulting in a battle between her and Super Warren.
With the Menoptra invasion defeated, the Doctor and his friends must find another means to attack the evil Animus.
Woody gets gambling fever and tension mounts as Carla waits for Eddie to surprise her on their second anniversary.
As Mulder prepares to take Krycek back to the US, the alien makes its way to Hong Kong and takes control of Krycek.
A Queller demon lands in Sunnydale in a fiery meteorite and begins killing all the mentally ill people it can find.
A fellow comic book enthusiast's hitting on Penny leads to Leonard, Raj, and Howard going to a bar's Ladies' Night.
A geneticist is kidnapped by a group wanting to use her research to create a race of genetically superior soldiers.
Pratt and Morris are pretty lucky, Romano had just fired Pratt and caught Morris smoking weed in the ambulance bay.
Everybody is stunned when he reaches the last page, a note from Doctor Corday, stating that Mark died that morning.
A wealthy lumberman invites Jessica to his island retreat to discover which of his relatives is trying to kill him.
After his partner Doyle has a vision of Buffy in trouble, Angel comes to town secretly to make sure she is alright.
Chen returns from China, her dad needs 24 hour nursing care and she's having trouble getting adjusted to that idea.
An escaped prisoner goes on a spree, killing people who helped put him away, a list of people that includes Walker.
Howard, pressured by Bernadette to define their relationship, gets advice from a fantasy version of Katee Sackhoff.
The Aeon crashes in the Sierra Mountains during the 1960s, while Voyager appears in orbit around Earth during 1996.
Buffy accepts an invitation to dinner from the mysterious Principal Wood, and the secrets of his past are revealed.
Later during autopsy they find out that the make-up he seemed to be wearing was actually facepaint, he was a clown.
Joey's pride won't let him try out for small roles, but his mounting debts, and Ross slowly convince him otherwise.
Ross is applying for a paleontology grant and finds out Charlie's old boyfriend, Benjamin evaluates the applicants.
Columbo attends his nephew's wedding and as the couple get ready to leave on their honeymoon, the bride disappears.
Convinced that no girl could be attracted to him and that he's useless, Ralph threatens to enlist with the Marines.
She is warned away by an FBI man, but continues to follow her clues to Agua Verde where the woman apparently lives.
Fonzie is extremely excited for Chachi, but Howard and Roger suspect that the scholarships are too good to be true.
Despite her revolting appearance, Kryten still decides to ask her to dinner, then takes her to a movie, Casablanca.
He drives to California to identify the body and gather his father's belongings, with Mark along for moral support.
Weaver also doesn't let an opportunity pass to remind Doug of the way he bypassed her authority in the McNeal case.
The controversy heightens when Ellie Bartlet tells a reporter that her father would never fire the Surgeon General.
Fonzie's Falcons and their rival gang, the War Mongers, attempt to settle their old scores with a game of softball.
Frank Burns complains about Hawkeye Pierce's disrespect, and Henry appoints Hawkeye chief surgeon, to Burns' shock.
In their hour of need, Xena and Gabrielle make a deal with the devilish Goddess Callisto who has a real death wish.
Grissom attempts to get a confession from a neighborhood pedophile by having him help in locating two missing boys.
Guys plan to play Dungeons and Dragons, but girls are not invited, which causes arguments among them and the girls.
Hawkeye moves a wounded North Korean soldier into The Swamp, rather than let him be shipped out before he's stable.
Henry returns from a week in Tokyo, to announce that he is in love with a 20-year old girl called Nancy Sue Parker.
Holly shows the first signs of computer senility and endangers Lister's life, which activates the back up computer.
Hoping to make their own dreams come true, the gang sets out to give an unexpected family an extreme home makeover.
Howard decides that it is necessary to build a second bathroom after he's forced to shave at the dining room table.
Meanwhile, K. C., Howard's niece, moves in with Howard and Marion while her parents look for a new boarding school.
He promises Heather that he will be at her party, but he didn't count on Officer Kirk being the commanding officer.
Meanwhile, the Doctor tries to find a solution to prevent all of Europe from being crushed under the advancing ice,
when he finds out she had Joey pretend to be a doctor to pump him for information, he's upset, but he gets over it.
Jed weighs his options for responding to the bombing as Israeli and Palestinian forces face off against each other.
Ross sells all his stuff and moves to a new apartment because Emily wants them to have a fresh start at a new life.
Phoebe writes a book about relationships, which is really a book about Monica and Chandler, and everything they do.
Joey is up for a leading role in a movie, but the director is looking for an uncircumcized male to do a nude scene.
When the General opens it, the rules are bent to give his son access, which Hawkeye exploits to give access to all.
Kryten uses a prototype matter paddle to teleport the crew to a nearby planet with an S3, or Earth-like atmosphere.
London, 1985. The alien mercenary Lytton has been stranded here for nearly a year, but now he has a plan to escape.
This Aphasia virus results in the crew only being able to speak in gibberish, before inducing a coma in the victim.
Monica and Phoebe shop at the store owned by Janice's soon-to-be-ex-husband, and Monica ends up with the wrong bed.
On Halloween Buffy, Willow and Xander are volunteered by Principal Snyder to take groups of kids trick-or-treating.
On New Year's Eve, the staff looks back on the highlights of 1951, The doctors invent an artificial kidney machine.
Penny hosts a Halloween party, putting Leonard, Sheldon, Howard, and Raj through a new test of their social skills.
Potter is upset when General Waldo Kent informs him that people in the 4077th are complaining about his leadership.
Rachel decides to go after Joey, but then she finds him making out with Charlie, which spoils her plans and Ross's.
Mr Green reacts harshly when he finds out Rachel isn't getting married, so she tells him Ross refused to marry her.
When Rachel explains her sexual frustrations to Joey, it occurs to them that they could get together for the night.
Rebecca decides on a new goal in life and begins by flattering John Hill in an effort to get his lease for the bar.
Roger suggests that they have a ceremony in which a proxy stands in for Richie because he can't be there in person.
Richie gets on the good side of a local gang, the Dukes, when he protects the leader's sister from being picked on.
Rimmer wakes up in quarantine, only to discover that the other three have now contracted the virus and gone insane,
Chandler, under stress because Ross and Rachel's break-up reminds him of his parents divorce, starts smoking again.
Sam enlists Harry the Hat to help win the latest war of practical jokes between Cheers and Gary's Old Towne Tavern.
Sheldon incurs Amy's ire when he chooses a weekend of videogaming with the guys over a birthday party for her aunt.
Sheldon is intrigued with the of beta testing an MIT designed machine that purports to help read people's emotions.
Radar hits a local with a jeep, although the local is famous for jumping in front of vehicles for the compensation.
So that he can attend the Raging Pussies concert, Kyle calls the police and accuses his parents of molestering him.
Stan is appalled when he realizes the veal he's been eating is, in fact, the meat from precious little baby calves.
Stardate: Unknown The Ferengi try to abduct an empathic Metamorph who could bring peace between two warring worlds.
Soon, the crew must compete with Romulans and Klingons and Cardassians to uncover the truth behind his discoveries.
Stardate: Unknown Bashir and O'Brien come under attack from the people they are trying to help on a warring planet.
Corday continues to be shadowed by Infection Control and looks for a pattern after her fourth post-op sepsis death.
The Bates House of the movie, Psycho, is to be the setting of Jessica's book in the film made at Universal Studios.
The Doctor and his allies try to find a way to slow down the spread of the deadly fungus in the London Underground.
The Doctor and the surviving humans fight for their lives againt Teran Capel and his growing army of deadly robots.
The Doctor tries to forge an alliance with the Red Kangs while Mel, with Pex's assistance, tries to reach the pool.
The Doctor, Rose and Adam arrive in the year 200,000 on a broadcasting station that transmits programming to Earth.
The Enterprise crew take shore leave on a peaceful, pastoral planet, where their dreams and fantasies come to life.
The TARDIS arrives in Earth's future at a factory where human doppelgangers, Gangers, are used as manual labourers.
Before leaving, Cartman bets Kyle $10 that he will get a platinum album with a Christian Rock band before Moop can.
Not only that, but it's a ship regulation to have sexual relations at least twice a day with any other crew member.
The guys get Zack and Penny to join their Justice League costume for a New Year's Eve bash at the comic book store.
The local cinema is showing a film condemned by the Church for its X-rated and blasphemous depiction of St Tibulus.
Lister tries to convince him that he doesn't have to do any of his service duties anymore and can do his own thing.
The trampling death of a trainer by her horse aboard a private jet is investigated by Grissom, Catherine, and Nick.
In the ER, Luka and Clemente clash over her treatment, and Luka finally tells her what happened, possibly too late.
Visiting priest Father Barnes has barely gotten settled in Cabot Cove when he hears a late night murder confession.
Soon, an alien Think Tank arrives with an answer to the ship's problem and all they ask in return is Seven of Nine.
Upon meeting Billy's probation officer, a man by the name of David Kilmer, Walker suspects something is very wrong.
Walker, Alex, and Gage seeks to locate a youngster who has a part of a missile guidance system before criminals do.
Upon returning to the present, Illyria decides that she must kill everyone else before they are able to attack her.
When a beautiful ballerina dies during her premiere performance in a new ballet, Jessica is convinced it is murder.
Kirk finds the cause to be a group of endangered Scalosians who move faster than human sight or hearing can detect.
When offered a job as a security chief at a resort temporarily, C.D. ends up investigating his predecessor's death.
Meanwhile, Sara and Nick investigate a case involving a severely decomposed body of an Army veteran found in a bag.
Catherine and Sara investigate what happened to a college football fan when his bloated body is found in a bathtub.
While inside Imaginationland, Stan and Butters must fight for their lives against an army of evil imaginary forces.
The mummy rises and must consume the life-force of others in order to remain alive and retain her human appearance.
When they re-open the vortex, they try to retrieve her, but a miscalculation causes an 18-year-old Molly to appear.
Lister goes to the drive room and talks to Rimmer, only Rimmer is enjoying a conversation with an invisible person.
Woody gets hooked on a home television-shopping channel while Norm and Cliff start a fight between Sam and Frasier.
Working with only a skeleton crew, Captain Janeway desperately attempts to repair Voyager in order to stop Annorax.
A family wedding brings Jessica to San Francisco where the bridegrrom-to-be must first be cleared of murder charges.
Nicole has a rough day training to become a nurse's aide, and draws Abby's ire after Luka invites her into a trauma.
A red hot novel, written by a former Fletcher student, seems to expose the small town's secrets and inspires murder.
While Abby treats the girl, she is caught in the middle of a dispute between Clemente and Luka over the girl's care.
Her ex-husband tells her that he's getting remarried just before she sees Carter and Susan sharing a private moment.
Ace heads down to Starbug and offers his assistance to repair the engine and Rimmer takes an instant dislike to him.
After Sisko is promoted to Captain, he and the Defiant crew are manipulated by a Changeling posing as an ambassador.
After a delay of three weeks, five sacks of mail arrive, and everyone in camp reacts to good and bad news from home.
Rose investigates when a small child wearing a gasmask, standing on a rooftop, continuously calls out for his mummy.
After Faith is thwarted by both Buffy and the cops, Mayor Wilkins gives her a mysterious gift from beyond the grave.
After giving a presentation on 'Ginger Kids' in class, Cartman gets the other students to discriminate against them.
After having been in several fights recently, on the advice of the Cunninghams, Fonzie agrees to see a psychologist.
After seeing reports on television, Al feels compelled to visit the South to take part in an upcoming freedom march.
Alex's attempt to help the victom of spousal abuse gets complicated when the victim's husband is released from jail.
Cleo's last day at County is interrupted by the arrival of Benton's DNA results, he's not Reese's biological father.
Angel is still haunted by memories of his 150-year relationship with Darla and asks Gunn to help him track her down.
His partner, a hard-boiled detective named Harry McGraw, is determined to find the killer and exact his own justice.
Dennis's dark descent into the world of male escorting becomes more difficult as Frank's hold on him grows stronger.
Bartlet and the staff are on high alert when they receive reports of an impending attack on a military installation.
During the process it is revealed that Julian was illegally genetically enhanced as a child, rendering him a genius.
Buffy manages to intercept the Box of Gavrok, a container of mystical energy that is vital to the Mayor's Ascension.
Cartman throws a rock at Token's head, but instead of detention, he is tried and convicted for a federal hate crime.
He sees it as racist, but Jimbo and many others in the town don't want to lose the history that the flag represents.
Chen returns to the hospital with proof of Weaver's misplaced pager and demands her job back, threatening a lawsuit.
Mark and Elizabeth's opinions on Rachel's future differ, but Mark decides to keep her in Chicago for the time being.
Cooke and Gage go undercover in a nightclub to help the owner thwart a group of gangsters looking to take ownership.
Scott Anspaugh, finally released from the hospital, suffers an attack during a wall-climbing expedition with Jeanie.
Meanwhile, while Angel has security keeping an eye on Eve, her partner Doyle prepares to bring about Angel's demise.
Corporal Walker is being sent home, and he wants to marry his Korean girl so she and their baby can return with him.
However, Charlie struggles to utilize what he just learned, while Mac and Frank decide to go in their own direction.
But before long Reyes realises that she may have little time left when others in the netherworld start to disappear.
However, when the procedure is a success, matters are complicated when Bashir develops romantic feelings toward her.
Donna accidentally votes for Richie and tries to rectify the situation by trying to find someone who will vote-swap.
But what is the origin of the fossilized hand she is found gripping? And who is the Eldrad she keeps mumbling about?
Grissom and Warrick take the case of a young man who is found naked in the desert without an obvious cause of death.
It's instant attraction for Hawkeye when a beautiful Swedish doctor, called Inga, arrives to observe combat surgery.
Jealous of Joanie's friendship with a new girl in school, Mikki, Jenny spreads a false rumor that Mikki is pregnant.
Carter then talks a patient into a local anesthetic and encourages him to ask Benton questions during the operation.
Jessica goes to Quebec to testify at the trial of a friend who is accused of killing his wife and burning his house.
Abby is suspicious, convinced that something went wrong with the horse and that Langley's death was not an accident.
Joey and Rachel have their first official date, but when it comes to getting physical, they just don't feel at ease.
Chandler, depressed over his break-up with Janice, fools around with one of Joey's sisters at Joey's birthday party.
Monica tells him it just means he wants a relationship with the closeness that he sees between herself and Chandler.
When he goes to visit it, he finds that it's in a remote corner frequented by couples engaging in sexual activities.
Kate Harper, the new Deputy National Security Advisor, fails to win over Jed and Debbie in her first day on the job.
Kirk must decide whether to thwart or help a traveller from the future sent back to 1960s Earth on a secret mission.
Kyle is intimately involved in the development of a revolutionary new product that is about to be launched by Apple.
Kira, Odo, Quark, Rom, Morn and Jake stay behind on the station and disable it as it is handed over to the Dominion.
Marion is a star in a community theatre play, and her director/co-star begins to make unwelcome advances toward her.
Chen faces some personal obstacles when treating a man who refuses to tell his daughter about his genetic condition.
Mulder and Scully investigate when the rape and battery of a nurse takes place in a Massachusetts convalescent home.
As Scully tries to find the cause and a cure for the problem, Mulder and the man get closer and closer to the ocean.
Monica mourns her failed relationships, which prompts Chandler to offer to be her boyfriend if worse comes to worst.
Ranger Hunt goes undercover to stop a crime boss from raising his ten-year-old son to take over the family business.
But Sam isn't impressed when he discovers that Robin's been stealing information from the company Rebecca works for.
Howard agrees to let them use the vault at his store for the capsule, and Potsie accidentally locks them all inside.
Ross and Rachel, both in unhappy marriages, run into each other on the street after not seeing each other for years.
Sam gets cold feet about reaquiring his beloved car, and goes so far as to romance the buyer's widow to get it back.
Carter decides his future lies in emergency medicine, not surgery, and tries to convince an irate Anspaugh likewise.
Sisko enlists the help of Eddington to aid him in deactivating them, however, all is not as Sisko had been informed.
Stardate: Unknown The Enterprise is drawn to a region of space where many starships have been mysteriously disabled.
Dougal's moonlighting stint as island milkman is marred by a bomb set to go off if the milk float drops below 4 mph.
The CSIs grow suspicious when they see that a mass suicide has taken place, but only 11 of the 12 beds are occupied.
The CSIs find a body near a forest reserve, they discover might be where a serial killer takes his intended victims.
But what actually happened to set off the catastrophic wars that led to the Dalek invasion? And can it be prevented?
On his way to Rome, the Doctor is mistaken for Maximus Pettulian, who has been murdered, and someone wants him dead.
The TARDIS materialises on a beacon station in deep space moments before space pirates break it up for its argonite.
Soon the fire dies down and the only thing left to burn is Lister's guitar and Rimmer's priceless camphorwood chest.
Ross has a chance to be on TV as part of a panel of Paleontologists, but gives it up to take Rachel to the hospital.
The rest of the crew use the transporter to get back to Starbug and track the pod which is heading down to a planet.
But when Coach refuses to believe that Irene is really gone, everyone worries that he's living in a state of denial.
when Rachel tries to get him interested in Monica, he asks Rachel out instead, causing a rift between the roommates.
The guys heads are in a spin when an Air Force bigwig approaches them about their revolutionary gyroscope invention.
Julia's attempt to provide spiritual guidance to a prison doctor and help ease his conscience leaves her devastated.
as Annabeth finds a way to turn around a bad news cycle, Toby admonishes C.J. about micro-managing the press office.
The roof of the Parochial House is leaking, and Ted decides on a raffle to raise the funds, with a car as the prize.
The staff prepares for the worst as they make arrangements for the public announcement of the President's condition.
Three new murders related to three unsolved, or incorrectly solved crimes from the past come back to haunt the CSIs.
Tired of reminders about Trapper John's skill as a practical joker, B.J. bets Hawkeye he can prank everyone present.
To allow Richie to have a night alone with his girl, Fonzie allows him to use his apartment and claim it as his own.
The realization that Kate's father is somehow involved brings up a lot of painful memories about Angel's own father.
The crew must find a way to put an end to this exploitation, while trying to use the same wormhole to get them home.
Walker investigates the murder of a veterinarian who was trying the find the cause of several unusual animal deaths.
When Amy takes a job at the same University as Sheldon, it causes Sheldon to reevaluate the time he spends with her.
after saying a quick goodbye to Luka and Mark, she runs out of the hospital and hops a plane to Seattle to see Doug.
When Chandler finds out Kathy's new play involves a steamy scene with her co-star, he's worried where it might lead.
When Cordelia has a particularly disturbing vision of Gunn in grave danger, she elects herself as his new protector.
When a famous psychic fails to help him exorcise Kenny from his body, Cartman takes other steps to achieve his goal.
When a has-been boxer is killed, the CSIs must establish which of several life-threatening acts actually killed him.
A jack-in-the-box , a surprise twist, is discovered in Vic Fontaine's program, and his casino is bought by gangsters.
A blow to the head leaves Walker with amnesia during an undercover operation to uncover money laundering at a casino.
A crazy, chaotic shoot-out on a hotel tram leaves two dead, almost no witnesses, and a lot of contradictory evidence.
A desperate Rebecca goes to extraordinary lengths for a moment alone with Evan Drake as he prepares to move to Japan.
A flying daredevil that Diane barnstormed with across Europe takes her and Sam for a ride and dies at 20,000 feet up.
Everyone in the class soon manages to get diagnosed with ADD so that they don^aEURTMt have to do any homework either.
A spatial distortion ring puts the ship and crew at risk, as it begins to reconfigure the internal layout of Voyager.
Billy's merest touch can cause an otherwise good man to become violently misogynistic, and the results can be deadly.
Pratt treats a frightened young girl who has been injured in an auto accident and desperately wants to hide a secret.
Action surrounding Walker stymies Trivette's attempts to impress the reporter of a Behind the Badge documentary show.
Cartman soon comes to the conclusion that he's dead, and the only person that seems to be able to see him is Butters.
Here, the child in the gasmask is terrorising them with a parade of strange events, constantly asking for his mother.
After going in for a routine tonsillectomy, a botched transfusion leaves Cartman afflicted with an incurable disease.
After hearing that North Korean prisoners have been released in the area, everyone is upset when Margaret disappears.
After unusual mood swings and frightening hallucinations, an hidden element of Dax's past has come back haunt Jadzia.
Agent Doggett investigates the death of an EPA official after his car is forced off a bridge by a woman he picked up.
An encounter with a deranged medical droid leaves Lister without any kidneys, and the Cat is the only possible donor.
Rimmer goes through the doorway first but the machine malfunctions and he is stuck there until the others can fix it.
Meanwhile, Eve pays for her past when the Amazons recognize her as Livia, the Bitch of Rome and threaten to kill her.
As the Doctor tries to avoid the firing squad and rescue his companions, the situation becomes stranger and stranger.
As the search for Zoey continues, Walken takes a hard line against the kidnappers that could contribute to her death.
At the school's first annual Comedy Awards, Jimmy announces that the Germans are the least funny people in the world.
Buffy has a powerful new weapon, but the gang cannot find any information about the origins of the mysterious scythe.
Buffy squares off, physically and mentally, against former classmate Holden Webster, who has just risen as a vampire.
Burns tries to slap a dishonorable discharge on a decorated soldier who admits to being a homosexual, Private Weston.
Klinger dresses up as various movie characters with the hope that Stars and Stripes will write about how crazy he is.
Carter is deeply affected by the death of a teenage hit and run victim, and fumbles badly when notifying the parents.
Chandler accidentally walks in on Rachel after a shower and sees her breasts, leading to a series of shower peepings.
he insists his dad either break it off or confess, but it turns out his mom already knew, and didn't want it to stop.
Phoebe finds out the truth and leaves, but later Mike finds her at the coffee house and they arrange to go out again.
She invites Ursula and her finance, Eric to the party, where she learns Ursula's been lying to him, about everything.
While packing on Rachel's last night in the apartment, Phoebe's misguided advice leads Monica and Rachel to fighting.
Cliff helps his girl friend improve her appearance then regrets it when all sorts start to hit on her, including Sam.
They soon learn they are looking for a serial killer who has been seeking his prey in D'Oblique, a local singles bar.
As the Jerseyites spill into Colorado and approach South Park, Randy and the boys stand strong against the onslaught.
With the now open spot, Murdock does everything to pretend to be Face, after a while he's able to perfect his acting.
Columbo notices right away that Gabriel fell without even a scream, and then there's the small cut on Gabriel's hand.
Meanwhile, Winchester has taped a letter home, asking for his influential parents to help get him back to the States.
Howard is offended when his return from space is met with little fanfare but he gets an even bigger surprise at home.
Meanwhile, Callisto receives a miraculous gift and Joxer, Amarice and Eli try to recover Xena and Gabrielle's bodies.
Weaver cares for an elderly couple who may have AIDS. Peter and Elizabeth decide to keep their relationship a secret.
Jessica is asked to coordinate the investigation, but it grows more complicated when another skier is found murdered.
Ross agrees to fill in for her with the niece, and they hit it off much better than first impressions would indicate.
He threatens to tell everyone the truth unless Chandler and Monica can come up with a story that makes him look good.
After scaring his co-workers, yelling at his boss, and getting upset at a psychiatrist, he gets put on tranquilizers.
Hawkeye and Trapper uses the radio to convince The Cowboy to spare Henry's life and come down, at which they succeed.
in an attempt to impress Zoey's new boyfriend, Charlie unwittingly gets over his head with the Department of Defense.
Meanwhile, Sheldon prepares his final episode of Fun with Flags . Bernadette discovers that people are afraid of her.
Lewis treats an end-stage Huntington's patient, whose mother has already watched her husband wither from the disease.
She is being closely followed by Brad Alt and follows him under the pretense that he will help her launch her career.
After a botched attempt to write a good letter, he does a re-write and drops it off without showing it to them first.
After the operation is complete, he discovers that he can have his dream career, hanging out and screwing hot chicks.
Newly appointed Deputy Director Kersh organizes a manhunt for Mulder and assigns Agent John Doggett to head the team.
With the help of Santa, Mr Hankey and Jesus, Cartman attempts to bring Christmas to the downtrodden citizens of Iraq.
Lister recognises this as what was on his own box and realises that he is his own father and Kochanski is his mother.
Ross begins teaching a graduate seminar, which starts 10 minutes after his regular classes, but is clear across town.
Potsie is staying with the Cunninghams, and he and Richie sneak out to watch a drag race in which Fonzie is involved.
Almost relationships are revealed between Joey and Monica, Monica and Chandler, Chandler and Rachel, Ross and Phoebe.
Richie and Potsie, in their never-ending effort to get girls, decide that they want to join a gang called the Demons.
Ross rushes Rachel to the hospital using his specially tested route, but they still end up being the last ones there.
When a raped and badly beaten woman is brought into the ER, Sam wants to try a risky procedure to let the woman talk.
Sam's old baseball rival shows up to goad Sam into a final round on the mound, but Sam isn't too sure he wants to go.
Carter invites Benton to his med school graduation, which he himself misses in order to keep a young patient company.
Season Finale, The day begins slowly as Weaver calls to say she'll be late, and Chen thinks she's developing a fever.
Upon hearing this, the Scientology masses arrive outside his house, but several members end up in the closet instead.
Unless Ted can break the news of his departure tactfully to Dougal, Jack and Mrs Doyle, he won't be going to America,
The CSI team reopens a 10-year-old murder/suicide case when the sole survivor claims her accused father was innocent.
The Doctor must escape from the vengeful Tigellans and stop Meglos before he activates a source of unspeakable power,
The Friday night saw the airing of 'The End, ReMastered', the digitally enhanced version of the series pilot episode.
When Amy is trapped, Rory must rescue her from the facility's doctors but learns something surprising about his wife.
Stan takes it upon himself to put together a team to get South Park's honor back in the world of competitive dancing.
The gang goes to a wine bar and runs into Penny's old boyfriend, Zack, who hits it off with Raj's girlfriend, Claire.
The parallel Inferno has broken through the Earth's crust, unleashing terrible seismic forces and dooming the planet.
The sheriff is under political pressure to find who killed an air marshal with a car bomb that the sheriff witnessed.
The staff is blindsided when an elderly senator stages a Friday night filibuster to block their Family Wellness bill.
Thinking her life is dull and that she's always treated like a little kid, Joanie wants to join the Red Devils' gang.
While waiting at the hospital for Pinky to be released, Fonzie tells Richie that he loves her and wants to marry her.
Time is running out as the Doctor and his companions try to defeat the Daleks before they wipe out all life on Skaro.
Meanwhile, Gunn and Fred investigate a vampire nest, unaware that the woman who hired them is one of Holtz's lackeys.
Angel, caught in Illyria's time distortion is pulled into the past and must find a way to alter the course of events.
When Sheldon loans money to Penny so she can pay her rent, it leads to Leonard coming face-to-face with her ex, Kurt.
Radar falls in love with a nurse, while a grateful patient won't leave Hawkeye alone, and even threatens Major Burns.
When stolen Federation technology is found on a severely damaged Kazon-Nistrim ship, Seska becomes the prime suspect.
However, she is rescued by Beowolf who must help her regain her memory in order to save Gabrielle from eternal sleep.
However Kochanski has a little talk with Lister and makes him realise why he misses Rimmer, much to Kryten's disgust.
While on a field trip to the local museum, one of the students breaks a ceramic seal in the coffin of an Incan mummy.
While traveling in India, Xena and Gabrielle meet Eli, a magician, and Gabrielle suddenly acquires the power to heal.
A misogynistic preacher named Caleb has come to town, and he throws down the gauntlet as soon as he enters Sunnydale.
With the community gearing up for its first rodeo for charity, a father targets Trivette, thinking he killed his son.
Now, to save Vic's job, and possibly his life, the senior staff must rob the casino to run Vic's nemesis out of Vegas.
Having already murdered others, Walker and Trivette go on the case to stop him before he can murder his trial's judge.
A helicopter crashes on the roof, falling into the ambulance bay where it lands on Romano and causes a huge explosion.
Lister is shocked at this idea, and explains that there's no such thing as silicon heaven, but Kryten isn't convinced.
Puzzled by his grandmother's fainting spells, Carter discovers that she is at great risk for a heart attack or stroke.
A protected witness to a bingo game, that was actually a money laundering operation keeps trying to escape her guards.
When another police officer learns about that, he hires the A-Team to uncover these techniques and protect his family.
Susan and Luka try to teach the residents to empathize with the patients, which turns out to be easier said then done.
When Weaver accepts Doctor Legaspi's dinner invitation, Weaver learns that she has misunderstood Legaspi's intentions.
Jessica has her hands full with a travel writer who has come to stay with her for a time to put Cabot Cove on the map.
After Howard refuses to let Joanie go on tour with Leather, she follows through with her threat to run away from home.
After a series of horrific visions, Spike realizes that he is being pulled away from the material world and into hell.
After the sad passing away of Coach, Sam hires a new bartender in Woody Boyd, Coach's pen pal who has moved to Boston.
Amy is incensed when she discovers Sheldon has shared intimate relationship information with people at the university.
An airborne contamination alert locks down the West Wing, forcing staffers to stay put until the all-clear is sounded.
Throughout the day, Carter and Luka clash, Abby and Susan bond, and everyone discovers something new about each other.
Archie Miles, a private investigator Jessica had hired to research an old murder case, is shot to death in his office.
Then, with their affairs in order, our heroes set forth to face their greatest challenge yet, and possibly their last.
While the young hotshot agent is convinced that Fellig is murdering the people, Scully has other, paranormal theories.
Bashir falls under suspicion of unknowingly supplying information to the Dominion, however, all is not as it may seem.
Benton decides to blow the whistle on Vucelich's unethical study methods, causing Vucelich to drop him from the study.
Buffy arrives too late to save Kendra from Drusilla's surprise attack, and ends up being arrested for Kendra's murder.
Hurting from their last battle and unsure of Buffy's leadership, the gang makes a decision that may change everything.
Clete's School for Wayward Girls to plot revenge on their former sadistic principal whom she spots drinking at Cheers.
She also meets with a newspaper reporter to air the complete story on her fatal mistake and is subsequently suspended.
Carol and Weaver deliver the baby of a mentally challenged couple who fear a relative is going to take the child away.
In Chicago, Birdie and Rebecca are back in the ER. Neela, Abby and Ray all make rookie mistakes with various patients.
Carter plays tour guide for Ruth Johnson, who was born in the hospital 100 years ago to the day, and her large family.
Cartman feels that he cannot relate to the other boys anymore, so he goes on the internet to find more mature friends.
Joey realizes the truth because Chandler never says anything about his Japanese 'Ichiban, Lipstick for men commercial.
Charlie introduces them, and Benjamin immediately starts pressuring Ross to break up with her, so he can get her back.
Morris takes him under his wing and shows him some risky procedures, endangering a patient and raising Banfield's ire.
Cliff's loyalties are tested when his new ladylove, a fellow postal employee, commits a rule infraction on his behalf.
Warrick and Greg work the case of Rebecca, who's a former supermodel who died while hiking with her new husband Gavin.
Meanwhile, Angel must save a new client from the creature that is hunting him, and a Rogue Demon Hunter comes to town.
Dennis Stanton is back, this time investigating a fire that burned the hands of famous concert pianist Vaclav Maryska.
Meanwhile, Mac, Charlie, and Frank utilize Pop-Pop's Nazi past by setting out on a quest to find his ill-gotten booty.
While searching the crowd, Angel meets a woman named Kate who seems to be the type that the killer has been targeting.
Meanwhile, Joanie and Howard are at odds over her less-than-stellar report card, and Fonzie needs a new pair of boots.
Fonzie is devastated when he discovers that someone has wrecked his beloved motorcycle leaving it scattered in pieces.
Fonzie reunites with an old flame, Pinky Tuscadero, who is in town to perform motorcycle stunts at a demolition derby.
Hannibal and B.A. have to save the others, but things heat up when Face is shot and needs immediate medical attention.
Grady and his pregnant wife are tending Jessica's house in her absence when an old seaman is killed in her front room.
The man who found them is a retired New Jersey cop and close friend to Keppler, who doesn't reveal their relationship.
Desperate to set things straight, the only person who can help him is lowlife Tom Paris, who has no idea who Harry is.
Heavy casualties are arriving, creating severe problems for the M*A*S*H unit because they are nearly out of Pentothal.
Horrified by the gigantic size of his monthly bar tab at the officer's club, Hawkeye vows to give up booze for a week.
While working on the Derby car, Randy has acquired a very special component to help Stan secure a first place victory.
Marion angers Howard even further when she wants everything to be exactly the same as it was on their first honeymoon.
he visits the Tribianni family, hoping to figure it out, but only gets himself into trouble, by kissing the wrong one.
C.J. once again completely misreads Ben's intentions when he attempts to reach her on the day she leaves for Brussels.
Rimmer does not want to be turned off, so he demands to be left on for the journey, even though he will be by himself.
Lister and Kryten have invented a triplicator, a device which can make three objects from one object,, two are copies.
As magician Li H'Sen Chang captivates audiences, a spate of disappearances amongst young women goes largely unnoticed.
Mac teams up with Frank and Charlie to create a public access newscast after he misses his chance at fame in the news.
Kovac and Corday are faced with a blitz of possible kidney receivers, but Luka has a problem with the one who gets it.
Carol agonizes over whether to take the MCAT. Jad Houston turns 18 and requests that Doug take him off the respirator.
Members of the 4077th share their impressions of war in response to letters from fourth graders in Hawkeye's hometown.
Rachel is quite upset until she's reminded that she spread the news that Ross made out with the 50-year old librarian.
Ross and Elizabeth go away for a secret weekend at her grandmother's cabin, but Paul and Rachel show up there as well.
On Valentine's Day, Sam winds up laid out due to back trouble on the 20th anniversary of his annual tryst with Lauren.
Because time moves differently in hell, he has endured centuries of torture and is now little more than a wild animal.
One by one, the crew of Voyager go missing and are replaced by strangers who claim they have no idea how they arrived.
her own interest in Ross keeps her from being completely honest, and she tries her best to see that it doesn't happen.
Picking up from the previous episode, Cartman's evangelical mission has grown popular with the children of South Park.
unfortunately Phoebe confuses Demi with Dudley . Chandler needs a suit made, and Joey refers him to the family tailor.
Sam and Diane dare each other to find the other's perfect date, but Sam's last minute choice doesn't quite measure up.
When Steve announces his intentions to stay in Chicago, Sam hurriedly leaves town despite Luka's attempts to stop her.
Season Premiere, The 15th and final season of ER begins with the devastating repercussions of the ambulance explosion.
Seven becomes emotional when Icheb's parents are located, and it is assumed that he will leave Voyager to rejoin them.
Dukat manages to destroy one of the Bajoran Orbs, and kills Jadzia in the process, although the Dax symbiont is saved.
Stardate: Unknown The Enterprise rendezvouses with Starbase 74 in order to have its systems checked and upgrades made.
Riker and Soren, a member of the J'naii race, begin preparing to rescue the craft, and the two strike up a friendship.
Stardate: Unknown Quark is appointed as ruler of the Ferengi Empire when the Grand Nagus enters into early retirement.
Stardate: Unknown Bashir tries to save Garak from a bizarre illness that is soon discovered to be a strange addiction.
Willow works on staying clear of magick, but she is forced to make a big decision when Amy gives her an unwanted gift.
Still trapped in negative E-Space, the TARDIS lands on an unnamed world to find a society sliding back into feudalism.
She gets reacquainted with the nurses and Carter, meets Elizabeth, and is later offered an attending position by Mark.
The 4077th turns up a sick helicopter pilot, 'Smilin' Jack, who doesn't want to quit, and a twice-wounded GI who does.
The A-Team goes uptown and gets involved with an art dealer who has been replacing original paintings with fakes ones.
The CSIs are brought in to solve the case of a recently murdered student who's photo ends up trending on the internet.
Unworldly menaces lurk in a dangerous wood and they must solve a series of riddles to find each other and the way out,
The Fisher King, stranded on Earth, sets in motion a desperate plan to survive, a plan that could impact the universe.
However, Ian learns that El Akir, humiliated by his failure to capture Richard, has taken Barbara to add to his harem.
With Jano's help, the Doctor, Steven and Dodo organise the savages and help them strike back against the cruel Elders.
They try to make their own version of the circus, but Kenny's vocal limitations keep their vision from being realized.
The chief of the Cherokee Nation is suspected of murder when the archaeologist who spurned his advances is found dead.
When Kryten and Cat finally find them, Lister grabs his guitar and hightails it before Rimmer can realise what he did.
Chandler has a good first date with Daniel and then obsesses about trying to call her again without seeming too needy.
The gang head back to Red Dwarf with Lister droning on and on about justice and freedom until he falls down a manhole.
The gang insists on getting in on Norm's new business investment then complains bitterly when it looks like a washout.
The line between reality and the virtual world begins to blur as a result of the gangs' obsession with computer games.
The renegade holograms abduct B'Elanna in hopes that she will be able to make their field generators fully functional.
The second Doctor and Jamie are sent to a space station to dissuade two scientists from disturbing the fabric of time.
Tranquil Repose has been found to be the secret lair of Davros, who is using the inhabitants for horrible experiments.
Benton is involved in a parking lot altercation, resulting in a dislocated finger and Carter replacing him in surgery.
When Chakotay, Kim and Neelix return from an away mission, they find Voyager abandoned, with only the Doctor on board.
When Hera captures Prometheus, mankind begins to lose the gifts he gave them, fire and the ability to heal themselves.
When Hot Lips confines Nurse Baker to her quarters, little does she know that Baker's husband has arrived in the camp.
When Voyager discovers a settlement of oppressed Talaxians living on an asteroid, Neelix feels compelled to help them.
They need to repopulate their species, and find that speeding human males up to Scalosian speed will meet their needs.
Desperate for answers, she turns to the only person with firsthand knowledge of how two Slayers fell in battle, Spike.
Potter offers Klinger a discharge for severe depression, and Klinger gets very excited, which loses him the discharge.
While Jessica prepares her book for serialization of her book in a newspaper, real trouble is brewing in the newsroom.
Although Janice believes him, he's not home free yet, she won't leave his side until he's on the plane and taking off.
While in New Orleans, Jessica must solve the mysterious murder of a famous musician who died while performing onstage.
Stan and Kyle get swept up in her celebrity as well as the non-stop feeding frenzy that plagues her wherever she goes.
Meanwhile, the Reynolds family attempt to intervene in Bill Ponderosa's plan to drink himself to death at Paddy's pub.
The last page is missing and the solution to the mystery is undiscovered until B.J. calls the author by long distance.
A means of direct communication is established with Voyager allowing each crew member to speak with family and friends.
A much disliked singer gets a jolt from an electric guitar during a rehearsal for a rock concert benefit in Cabot Cove.
Carter and Chen treat a frightened Chinese immigrant nanny, Tong-Yi, whom they suspect was impregnated by her employer.
After Gabrielle's betrayal of Xena's murderous intentions, Xena is imprisoned by the Green Dragon and sentenced to die.
Faced with a lawsuit from the family of the man, they recount each of their sides to the story leading up to the event.
In a moment of clarity he realizes how deeply he had sunk into despair and how self-destructive his actions had become.
After freeing the Duo from jail and escaping from Willow, the Scoobies run to the Magic Box to find a protection spell.
When Weaver goes MIA, Malucci and Chen make a severe mistake with a patient, ultimately leading to the patient's death.
Rachel and Tag spend the night trying to find some important documents that were supposed to get sent earlier that day.
Meanwhile the boys put on a concert Chef Aid, to raise the money, to their surprise, various famous rock stars turn up.
Meanwhile, Santos is trying not to catch his children's cold and he visits his home in Texas and continues to campaign.
An old friend of Coach has died and Coach decides to hold a memorial to him in the bar, inviting all their old friends.
Butters begins a regimen to drop some pounds but when he begins to gain weight in this program, his parents ground him.
As their infant son's fate hangs in the balance, Luka and Abby struggle to make the right decisions and keep the faith.
At a senator's behest, Walker must stop a criminal genius who has infiltrated federal law enforcement computer systems.
Befuddled by a crossword puzzle, Hawkeye persuades his old friend Tippy Brooks, a whiz at puzzles, to come to the camp.
Ben and Polly's first trip by TARDIS takes them to the 17th-century Cornish coast, in the era of smugglers and pirates.
Buffy and Riley get mutually suspicious of each other when Buffy reveals that Professor Walsh tried to have her killed.
Soon afterwards the crew begins entering a catatonic state one by one, while only Kes and The Doctor remain unaffected.
Carla is forced to clean up her act and behave nicely when she's has to find another job while Cheers is being rebuilt.
Carla rejects a man interested in her romantically, convinced that he must have some fatal flaw to find her attractive.
Carlos' undercover operation involving a drug ring run by a man called El Vaquiero soon becomes a murder investigation.
When Chandler notices that Joey recently wrote a large check to Monica, Joey covers by saying it's for breast implants.
Monica wants to let the illusion continue, but Chandler insists on telling the truth, which almost costs them the baby.
Clara asks the Doctor to take her to see the legendary Robin Hood, even though he insists that there is no such person.
On the Moon the Doctor and his cohorts discover that the Ice Warriors have taken control of the T-mat transport system.
Cliff's ecstatic when his mother decides to marry a wealthy man until the groom decides to give it all away to charity.
Bloodworth presses for a court martial until he becomes one of the wounded and watches Hawkeye saving a soldier's life.
When bodies turn up at the school, killed in identical manners, it's thought the killer might actually be on the loose.
Five babies in the same town are all born with tails and the local OB-GYN is blamed for tampering with fertilised eggs.
Ford, an old friend of Buffy's from L.A., shows up unexpectedly in Sunnydale, and seems to know that she is the Slayer.
Grady Fletcher is in big trouble when his boss, a specialist in tax shelters, is found dead and he is the main suspect.
The case grows more puzzling when a 15-year-old boy dies in a convenience store after drinking the same brand of water.
Meanwhile Sara and Warrick investigate the death of a couple in a hotel room, initially thought to be a murder-suicide.
Grissom, Warrick, and Nick investigate the case of man who apparently was murdered and pushed off a six story building.
Hawkeye is appointed temporary commander of the 4077th when Colonel Potter rushes off to Tokyo on a mysterious mission.
Hawkeye is injured in a jeep accident and, aware he has a concussion, babbles to a Korean family to keep himself awake.
Howard prepares to finally move out of his mother's house and in with Bernadette but it proves to be kind of difficult.
and Bartlet's insistence on helping Charlie with his tax return sparks a discussion on the true nature of a tax rebate.
But their outing has yet more disasters in store, including the discovery of a corpse with a raccoon stuck on his face.
Jimmy and Timmy are competing in the Special Olympics, but Jimmy is using steroids to gain the edge on the competition.
On the advice of Lori Beth, Joanie invites Chachi over for dinner on a night where she is babysitting Potsie's cousins.
Not only can't Rachel do it, but she and Phoebe become friends with Erin and arrange for Joey to go out with her again.
They don't come through, so Joey creates a new lie, he slept with Monica in London and she's been after him ever since.
He calls Joey for advice, which leads to attempts first with powder and then with lotion, which just make things worse.
Ross takes a train to Poughkeepsie to break up, but falls asleep and ends up in Montreal, with a girl from Nova Scotia.
Kyle's mother complains that the Christmas play is favoring Christianity and not catering to people of other religions.
Carter tends to a 12-year-old drug-addicted prostitute with a serious STD, until her pimp shows up and whisks her away.
The A-Team travels to South America to find Murdock's psychiatrist, accompanied by a woman claiming to be his daughter.
Nick and Catherine investigate why a woman who was about to be married would have taken a swan dive off of her balcony.
Nora Chandler, a fading movie star is threatened by a forthcoming tell-all book and some of the secrets it will reveal.
Rachel freaks out when Ross wants to take Emma to the playground, due to her childhood hair-related playgound accident.
When he has passed out drunk, Hawkeye and B.J. place Donald in a body cast and convince him that he has broken his leg.
Riker is offered the Captaincy of another Federation ship, but is to be briefed on its mission by his estranged father.
Chandler is upset that Joey chose to protect Ross, until he learns that Joey was really trying to protect his sandwich.
Sam and the Coach are taking the same night school course in geography, but while Coach studies, Sam dates the teacher.
Sam realizes how much he misses his former sports celebrity status when a local newscaster asks to interview him again.
A group of middle school kids from the Future Leaders of Democracy try to convince Toby they deserve the right to vote.
In truth he has infiltrated a terrorist group testing a deadly biological weapon that can eat through a person's flesh.
In a shock turn of events, Zek appoints Rom as the new Grand Nagus of Ferenginar, despite Quark's earlier announcement.
Spike is held captive in the Summers home while the Scoobies ponder their options in the aftermath of his murder spree.
Stardate: Unknown An outbreak of the contagious Zanthi Fever occurs on the station when Lwaxana Troi pays them a visit.
The fever causes suppressed desires to surface resulting in an interesting tangle of attempted short-term matchmakings.
However, under Trill law, this is an offense punishable by exile from the homeworld and thus the death of the symbiont.
Stung by Diane's attitude, Sam tries to impress her by getting reservations at the most exclusive restaurant in Boston.
Meanwhile, Mrs Doyle fears redundancy when the Parochial House gets new technology in the form of a tea-making machine.
The criminals were able to get on board as well and so the A-Team has to fight them on-board, without sinking the ship!
The Doctor and Clara enter the Nethersphere, and the organization calling itself W3 promises that Death is not the end.
But the darkness is moving too fast for him, and the key to their survival could be in the nightmares of a little girl,
The Doctor runs into trouble aboard an exploding spaceship, so he calls the Ponds for help, or possibly to say goodbye.
Whilst Vicki and the Doctor are away, Barbara and Ian are captured by slave traders and are taken to be sold as slaves.
The Enterprise finds itself at the mercy of a seemingly omnipotent being who fancies himself a 18th century Englishman.
The Voyager crew is excited to begin receiving messages from Starfleet using the newly discovered communications array.
With his wife out of town and the babysitter experiencing car trouble, Mark is forced to bring Rachel to work with him.
They stay at Stan's house, and after a night of passion between his grandfather and the Romanian grandmother, she dies.
The priest's sermon motivates the boys to take action, and getting their first communion becomes their primary concern.
The gang organizes a surprise party for Howard and Marion's 20th anniversary as clips from previous episodes are shown.
The guys get together to throw Leonard a bachelor party in Mexico only to have car trouble put a damper on their plans.
With the help of some strategic physical enhancement, Butters is sure to beat out all the other freaks and win a prize.
The Doctor, Martha, and Frank manage to escape, but discover that the Daleks' plan involving the Empire State Building,
Voyager must find a way to cross a region of space owned by a mysterious race of hostile aliens without being detected.
Walker investigates the claim of a woman whose baby has been kidnapped that a politician is in possession of the child.
A day in the life of County's interns has Pratt ordering each doctor to discharge 25 patients by the end of their shift.
A deer is illegally killed, and the person found with the body in the back of his truck apparently dressed it in a tutu.
A fast-food restaurant is linked to the discovery of a submerged car with a body in the trunk, but no brain in the body.
The investigation reveals that the victim won $10,000 in a pool game and was an assistant to a respected movie producer.
The CSIs process the evidence from the crime scene to determine whether or not the man acted alone or had an accomplice.
A scandalous invasion of privacy makes the South Park denizens edgy as Cartman and Butters get in possession of a drone.
The fun and games are quickly abandoned when a call comes from dispatch about a 32-vehicle pile-up with mass casualties.
After discovering new evidence, the team suspects that someone from the wedding party may be responsible for the murder.
Abby faces a life and death struggle when she is abducted by two gang members that need her to aid their wounded friend.
He tells Lister of the decision that was made in their childhood and reveals which one of them was left behind in school
After Faith activates the device left for her by the Mayor, it becomes apparent that she and Buffy have switched bodies.
After escaping from Tartarus and capturing the Fates, Caesar changes the Threads of Fate in order to change his destiny.
To teach him a lesson, Stan, Kyle, and Kenny sneak in to his room and use makeup to give him the appearance of a Ginger.
As the Doctor and his companions find their way to the Dalek mine, the full extent of the Daleks' evil plan is revealed,
The Sisterhood offers to provide him with the regeneration he needs to save the universe from destruction by both sides.
Benton pulls a 48-hour shift and refuses to sleep, despite Hicks's orders, which later proves disastrous for his mother.
One week later, in Dallas, a federal building is bombed by terrorists, killing five people, including the Blackwood boy.
Meanwhile, Butters obsesses with returning home so that he can join his parents for an anniversary dinner at Bennigan's.
Doctor Dave helps Carter with a diagnosis of a very rare disease, and reveals that he went to medical school in Grenada.
Chen lobbies Romano to do genetic testing on all newborns and is forced to blackmail him into signing a petition for it.
The creature's mate arrives and Mephesto helps them reproduce, creating a multitude of little, annoying, loud creatures.
Joanie suggests to Chachi that they all pool their money with Fonzie's to surprise him with a new bike for his birthday.
While waiting at the airport in hopes that Emily will still show up for the honeymoon to Athens, Ross bumps into Rachel.
Diane looks to her friends for comfort when her cat dies, but finds everyone too enthralled by a Celtics game to notice.
During a short black-out in the studio where Jessica is recording a book for the blind, the studio co-owner is murdered.
A deranged explorer searches the halls, the odd owner promotes his theories and something dangerous lurks in the cellar,
Can the new Doctor help UNIT? And what are the staff of the secret government think tank working on in their spare time?
Fonzie meets an older woman whose car he fixed and agrees to meet her the next day for doubles tennis at a country club.
Frasier feels depressed, so feeling sorry for him, Sam arranges a date between Frasier and a woman he knows named Candi.
Warrick and Catherine take the case of a drunk who breaks into the house where he had been staying and is shot to death.
Grissom and Catherine investigate the stabbing death of an 80-year-old woman who lived in a run-down house full of cats.
They become very excited about the success they could achieve and present The Gulper to a corporation for consideration.
Meanwhile, Torres begins to exhibit reckless behavior, engaging in dangerous holodeck programs without safety protocols.
Will moves into Sam's office at Toby's insistence, and is treated to some good-natured ribbing by the rest of the staff.
Jessica enters the fight game after Harry McGraw lists her as the manager for a fighter whose contract he has inherited.
Jessica visits her old friend Eugene McClendon, who soon stands accused of the murder of an old friend, Jonathan Keeler.
Jessica's old friend, Michael Hagarty, persuades her to play a part in his scheme to free a fellow agent from captivity.
She plans to return it but has too much fun pretending to be a cop, until she pulls it on the actual owner of the badge.
Sam finds out about Luka's reputation as the ER bed hopper, but finds herself making out with him by the end of the day.
Kirk investigates a series of grisly murders on a mining planet that are the work of a seemingly hostile alien creature.
The simulant, along with his GELF partner, Able, and Kryten, beams aboard Starbug and demands to know where the bomb is.
Meanwhile, Howard is offered a chance to go back to space and Bernadette struggles with whether or not to encourage him.
Leonard is torn between being honest or self-serving when Stuart asks his advice for an upcoming second date with Penny.
Neela prepares for another kidney transplant, but something seems amiss to her, leading to a confrontation with Dubenko.
Abby and Neela work on the driver of the car, but his surgery doesn't go well and his wife soon has troubles of her own.
While working out the details of his return with Weaver, he mentions that he'll be returning to the Congo in two months.
Maggie tries to interest Mark in various self-defense devices, resulting in Carter accidentally pepper-spraying himself.
Neela's aortic rupture patient is in need of yet another follow up surgery, and they are starting to take a toll on her.
Langston's old nemesis, Nate Haskell, is back in action and playing his usual game of five-level chess against the LVPD.
Nick vows to take Diane away from Sam when Sam defends Loretta's efforts to ditch Nick and start her own singing career.
Old and new friends gather at the Summers home for Buffy's twenty-first birthday party and it goes splendidly, at first.
Once he unseals a package sent to him through the mail, Grissom is floored when he finds a miniature crime scene inside.
Chandler gets over the fact that she has an artificial leg, but when Ginger learns he has a third nipple, she dumps him.
The beverage company gives her $7000. Monica's new boyfriend, Alan is a hit with her friends, but Monica's not too sure.
once he finds out the letter asks him to accept the breakup was all his fault, he's not sure he can keep up the charade.
While performing at Central Perk, Phoebe confronts some noisy boys and ends up dating one of them, David, Scientist Guy.
Spock meets his estranged father when the Enterprise escorts a group of ambassadors to a conference on the planet Babel.
Stardate: Unknown Spock's Vulcan father, Sarek, boards the Enterprise to negotiate political relations with the Legaran.
Stardate: Unknown Montgomery 'Scotty' Scott is discovered suspended in a transporter beam 75 years after he disappeared.
Stardate: Unknown Worf and his son, Alexander, become trapped in the holodeck when their Wild West program malfunctions.
The CSI team is led into the rap music world as they investigate the murders of three members of a rapper's street team.
Its keeper holds off the evil Voord and wants the Doctor and his crew to retrieve the missing circuits to reactivate it.
The Doctor manages to thwart the Cybermen's plan to destroy Voga by delivering Cyberbombs to the heart of the planetoid.
But what is the strange fog covering the island, and can it be connected to the falling star sighted earlier that night?
Benton is temporarily suspended after his incident with Morgenstern comes to light, until Morgenstern decides to resign.
Before their ship is crippled by Starbug's new offensive weapons, the simulants upload a killer virus into the navicomp.
The girls cook Thanksgiving dinner while the guys watch a football game on TV. all six decide to play football together.
The nurses go to extremes lengths to find a date for Nurse Eddie, they won't go out with anyone until Eddie gets a date.
As Earth slowly moves towards granting Solos its independence, the Doctor and Jo arrive on a mission for the Time Lords.
The case becomes complicated when it turns out that Sofia Curtis and Jim Brass were with the victim during the shootout.
To make his eventual proposal a surprise, Chandler begins his campaign to convince Monica he never wants to get married.
Toby is saved from having to fall on his sword when Josh and Jed devise a plan to rescue his deal from certain disaster.
Hawkeye and B.J. put them together in Hot Lips' tent, telling everyone that a quarantined patient has been placed there.
When a new office space is made available, Sheldon goes head to head with his nemesis, Kripke, for the right to move in.
He is unable to find another job as a head mechanic, but, with Howard as his inspiration, vows to find his true calling.
When his mother comes for another visit, Sheldon is disappointed that she's stopped being the mother he wants her to be.
When one of their former colleagues is murdered in a small town by a gang of murderers, the A-Team prepares to hit back!
His refusal to release a wounded Korean soldier, wanted by US Intelligence, leads to a confrontation with Colonel Flagg.
While on shore leave on a planet of telepaths, B'Elanna is arrested for a murder that is blamed on her violent thoughts.
Fearing this to be permanent, Charles and B.J. successfully conspire to have Dupree permanently removed from the 4077th.
With the help of a strange girl from L.A. named Fred, Angel struggles with the inner beast that Pylea brings out in him.
Upon reaching Troy Xena and Gabrielle find a few surprises, including a man Gabrielle was to be betrothed from her past.
Among other things, Ted delivers an entire service in a matter of milliseconds, and becomes involved in an armed robbery.
A book fair in Miami becomes Jessica's backdrop when she teams with a Russian detective to solve an art theft and murder.
Gates treats an elderly patient who refuses treatment because he's afraid his condition will prolong an inevitable death.
A custody battle could escalate into war when a human boy showing evidence of abuse is discovered aboard a Talarian ship.
A spy is killed on a lonely beach by his contact but the killer has been photographed beforehand walking with the victim.
Weaver offers her a non-tenured position as a clinical instructor, and Corday must decide whether to accept the demotion.
After Cartman performs a truly despicable act, the boys decide that everyone should ignore Cartman to teach him a lesson.
After Mulder chases down and kills a young man whom he believes to be a vampire, Scully realizes that his fangs are fake.
Meanwhile, Angel struggles with the discovery that he may not always be eternal and Darla recovers from her resurrection.
After a powerful laser is stolen, Walker hunts down the thieves to discover they've subsequently had it stolen from them.
As Mulder and Scully track him, he appears to have the power to pass through solid matter while changing its composition.
A woman comes in with a severely injured ankle and a terrible secret, and Sam finds herself closely identifying with her.
Meanwhile, Cordelia, Wesley, and Gunn try to continue the good fight on their own now that Angel has abandoned the cause.
His opening speech reduces his class to two students, an aspiring private eye and a female insurance claims investigator.
He asks for assistance on the case from Scully, who has returned to her teaching position at the FBI Academy in Quantico.
At the request of aunt Mildred, Jessica agrees to stop by New Orleans to check on cousin Cal while on her way to Houston.
An equipment shortage hampers Pratt, Abby, and Neela's treatment of a patient, leading them to attempt a risky procedure.
B.J. and Hawkeye resolve to clear Klinger's name after he chooses Winchester to defend him at his military court-martial.
Both Voyager and a 29th century Federation Timeship, the Aeon, are pulled back in time to Earth in the late 20th century.
Brass, Catherine, Grissom and Nick work the case of a female victim found in an apartment building with a gun shot wound.
Because they are already involved, Giles tells Xander and Willow about vampires and demons, and that Buffy is the Slayer.
Buffy returns home, but finds that picking up the pieces of the life she left behind may not be as easy as she had hoped.
Her friends seem happy to see her, but their odd behavior makes it appear that they silently resent Buffy for taking off.
Chandler and Rachel can't stop eating someone else's cheesecakes, which are mistakenly delivered to Chandler's apartment.
She outfits him at Bloomingdales, and part of the ensemble is a man's bag, which bears a striking resemblence to a purse.
Their relationship seems to be going very well, until she calls Bob back and complains of Chandler's sexual inadequacies.
Chandler, Monica, and Phoebe listen through the thin walls as Ross makes out with Charlie and Joey makes out with Rachel.
The peasants are revolting in the 19th Century English village of Killingworth when an off course Doctor and Peri arrive.
Corday tries a new experimental procedure on an Asian gentleman without permission from either the patient or a relative.
The Doctor encounters the Minyans, survivors of a race the Time Lords unwittingly obliterated early in their own history.
Doggett and Reyes investigate the murder of a couple in West Virginia that has all the signs of a satanic ritual killing.
Fonzie takes his auto shop class to an out-of-town junkyard and meets a waitress at a diner whom he thinks is his mother.
Luka and Abby care for a patient with severe facial injuries while Pratt struggles to save a patient with a heart injury.
For protecting a helpless infant, Xena is betrayed by her army and forced into a gauntlet where she is ruthlessly beaten.
But things start going wrong when Lilith finds out Frasier and Diane were engaged, and she locks herself in the bathroom.
Frasier proposes to Diane while they're in Italy and she makes an emergency call to Sam, hoping he'll talk her out of it.
But things become even more complicated when she learns that Caesar's enemy Pompey has taken many of her tribe as slaves.
Catherine and Warrick try to determine the cause of an explosion in the DNA lab of CSI that seriously injures a lab tech.
Ross accidentally breaks a little girl's leg, and ends up selling Brown Bird Cookies for her so she can go to Space Camp.
When Fonzie plays a loud bongo solo during a slow dance, Richie is chosen to give him the news that he's out of the band.
Luka shares concerns about a worrisome former patient with the police, who have doubts about what he thinks is happening.
Jessica is fascinated by a demo of a VR game based on her book, but, while playing it, she thinks she sees a real murder.
Jessica wonders if a Beverly Hills florist killed because he was supplying more than flowers for gossip magazine editors.
After telling Howard and Marion her plans, which include attending Northwestern University, Howard refuses to let her go.
Kirk and Spock meet Abraham Lincoln and Surak of Vulcan and must do battle with some of history's most terrible villains.
Perez, a baseball player with a serious heart ailment, is treated on the eve of his pitching debut with the Chicago Cubs.
They are visited by a cyborg from the future who calls himself Bill Cosby, and pretends to be a new fourth grade student.
Cartman on the other hand, is organizing Passion fans to get others involved in the film so they can perform a cleansing.
Lilith and Rebecca throw a teenage slumber party to cheer up Carla after she learns she's soon going to be a grandmother.
Lilith goes on a talk show to promote her new book about men who are bad for women and takes along her prime example-Sam.
It's pretty much business as usual, until a shock development throws Rimmer, Lister, Cat and Kryten back to planet Earth.
Paul Staplin, a man who over the years has been in trouble with the law on more than one occasion, has committed suicide.
Penny wants to throw a surprise party for Leonard, but Sheldon's indulgence at an electronics store throws her off-track.
Phoebe finds out that the other Phoebe has no idea where her father Frank is, but she has a different revelation to make.
The Doctor, Leela, and K9 arrive and befriend a luckless drone worker, but they must flee with him to the dark undercity,
Rachel buys furniture from Pottery Barn, but tells Phoebe she got it at a flea market, because Phoebe hates Pottery Barn.
However, before he gets the chance, she loses Marcel while monkey-sitting, which temporarily drives a wedge between them.
Chandler enjoys it for a while, but eventually helps Monica see that their relationship has progressed to a better level.
Raj's brings his new girlfriend over to meet the gang, but she seems standoffish with Penny, who tries to figure out why.
However, nobody knows that the reason he acts the way he does is a result of someone slipping a pill into his ginger ale.
Ronson fills the Doctor and Harry in on the development of the Dalek and asks for their help in stopping its development.
Christmas becomes a time of terror for Planet Earth, as the whole of mankind falls under the shadow of the alien Sycorax.
Reluctantly, the Doctor agrees, but he realises he has made a mistake, when Rose saves Pete from being run over by a car.
Phoebe, Monica, and Rachel have a cleansing ritual to rid themselves of bad luck with men, which turns into a small fire.
Janet suggests that Sam fire Diane to sever all ties with his past, but Diane overhears and quits before he can fire her.
Meanwhile, back in Boston, Frasier loses Lilith's favourite lab rat and tries to get an identical one before she returns.
Sam returns to Cheers six months after he sold it to a large corporation to pursue a life of leisure on board a new boat.
Sheldon and Amy struggle with setting a wedding date while Raj and Stuart fight for date with Bernadette's new co-worker.
Shep and Raul respond to a massive fire without proper equipment, risking their lives to save addicts and their children.
This troubles Stan, who has to concentrate on quarterbacking the South Park Elementary football team against Middle Park.
Stardate: Unknown Worf and Dax's marriage is threatened when Martok's wife does not welcome Dax into the House of Martok.
Benton and Doug have differences when Peter discloses a critical mistake made by Doug, raising animosity between the two.
The Doctor and Bill travel to London in 1814, and discover that a gigantic creature is living under the iced-over Thames.
The Doctor and his companions are trapped on Vortis and appear to be caught in a conflict between the Zarbi and Menoptra.
But when the Doctor arrives, the Master has prepared a series of hideous tortures for him and his lovely assistant, Emma.
Jamie and Victoria are sent to investigate Salamander, who is already putting in motion a plan to control central Europe,
The Jennifer Ganger and her fellows seek revenge on their human counterparts, and stage a revolution against their enemy.
The alien bounty hunter kidnaps Scully and wants to trade her for Mulder's sister, who is revealed to be a clone herself.
Forensics leads them to possible suspects, and possible suspects all have probable motives, but nothing seems to pan out.
He tells his father that he has emotional problems because he didn't molest him as a child, giving him a poor self-image.
Through her diary entries, Buffy's little sister Dawn gives her views on Buffy, Slaying, and the rest of the Scooby Gang.
Hawkeye and Ugly John employ the use of a glove soaked with ether to insure Trapper's victory, which impresses the nurse.
Walker and Trivette must protect the last surviving witness for a mob trial, who turns out to be an ex-boyfriend of Alex.
Meanwhile, the crew have unwittingly become part of an alien workforce, while their memories of Voyager have been erased.
When she discovers that he may be his own worst enemy, she has to face the fact that she can't save him against his will.
When Ike is claimed by his Canadian birth parents, the boys set out to gain an audience with the Canadian Prime Minister.
When Murdock gets mistaken for an insane mercenary the A-Team is drawn into a fight over property rights and an oil well.
These creatures have infested the Hyperion, and the gang must find a way to destroy them before any more people are hurt.
When a stunt on a local cable reality show goes horribly wrong resulting in a man's death, Doggett and Reyes investigate.
They are sentenced to death in a surreal recreation of the Gunfight at the OK Corral with the landing on the losing side.
Joey's comatose character on Days of Our Lives gets a brain transplant from the dying star, so he goes to her for advice.
Rachel and Phoebe find a cell phone left behind by a cute guy, and wait for him to call so they can make a date with him.
While trying to escape her troubles in the secluded mountains near South Park, Britney Spears has a run-in with the boys.
With the Doctor, Rose, and MP Harriet Jones trapped inside Downing Street, the Slitheen make their move, Nuclear Warfare.
If you'd like to elaborate on the summary or recap just add a .5 at the end of the episode numbers on the submission form.
A Middle Eastern potentate hires the A-Team to protect his about-to-be-married daughter despite her ideas to the contrary.
But the wedding might be more endangered by the love interest Face shows towards the princess than through the terrorists.
Plus B.A. plots revenge against the team when he is promised he can get them back for getting him to fly in a plane again.
A professional wrestler friend of Trivette's dies, and the Rangers go undercover to investigate the truth about his death.
Bob surprises everyone when she makes a quick, life-saving decision, and a new ER attending, Doctor Angela Hicks, arrives.
A strange energy barrier causes Chakotay and Seven's shuttle to crash on a planet inhabited by extremely primitive aliens.
Carter has problems of his own, his mother is back in town, just getting in the way and refusing to admit to her mistakes.
The Jem'hadar fleet invades the Alpha Quadrant when an attempt to seal the wormhole is sabotaged by the changeling-Bashir.
Luka tries to convince Kerry to put him on the case of a Croatian child desperately in need of heart surgery, to no avail.
After learning one of his parent's killers was never brought to justice, Walker finds a witness to help make things right.
Unfortunately, he and Klinger are the only 2 good bowlers in the camp, so BJ and Father Mulcahy are recruited to the team.
Things between Abby and Carter have cooled down following Carter's aborted marriage proposal, but they soon heat up again.
An Irish poet, who fronts a peace organization while secretly running guns, kills an arms dealer who tries to swindle him.
The disheveled detective suspects the actress of killing her wealthy husband to finance her dream, a comeback on Broadway.
Arnold asks Fonzie to be the best man at his wedding, but Fonzie is resistant to the idea because of the Fonzarelli curse.
Sam refuses to let Bartlet hold off the Democratic response to the Republican tax plan because it might hurt the campaign.
This allows Charlie and Dee the opportunity to spend time together without being burdened by peer pressure and criticisms.
Bill and her friends sign a lease to live in an old house, and soon discover that the Landlord is much more than he seems.
Buffy is settling in to her job as the newest counselor at Sunnydale High helping troubled teens and sorting out problems.
Carol finishes her paramedic recertification by picking up a very overweight, lethargic man, after which Shep hits on her.
When that doesn't work, they give a presentation to the governor that illustrates the hypocrisy of hate crime legislation.
She asks why he's not with his wife on Christmas, which prompts a series of flashbacks about his relationship with Monica.
The relationship starts a little weird, because Eric, upset from the break-up gets angry when he sees Ursula, or her twin.
Chandler doesn't think he's right for the part, so Joey gives him a video tape containing a sample of his commercial work.
The Ice Warriors' seed pobs begin materialising all over planet Earth and Slaar plots to use the T-mat to kill the Doctor.
The Ice Warriors' seed pods begin materialising all over planet Earth and Slaar plots to use the T-mat to kill the Doctor.
Cliff meets a woman during a costume party at Cheers that he likes very much, but he's afraid to see her again as himself.
But a greedy widow, an over-the-hill country star and a bootleg tape scheme complicate the case and provide more suspects.
Jessica goes to bat for the man accused of the crime, the screenwriter of the latest film adaptation of one of her novels.
UNIT is providing security and scientific support for the Stahlman project, an attempt to tap the Earth's core for energy.
Everything east of the Rockies is now part of New Jersey! South Park is in danger of becoming West Jersey within the week.
Now both of them lay near death, observing the turmoil that is Angel's conscience as they fight against the mystical drug.
Abby treats a young girl in need of a bone marrow transplant, but whose mother won't allow it out of spite for the father.
Hannibal poses as a wino to avoid being caught by the Army and stumbles onto a racket that involves killing the derelicts.
Hawkeye and the crew surprise Colonel Potter with a party to commemorate Mildred's final payment on the couple's mortgage.
As Jasmine's forces close in, Angel realizes that he must travel to this other dimension to find the key to defeating her.
While Rimmer is trying to avoid his opposite's voracious sexual demands, Lister seems to be getting on very well with his.
She has completely shielded herself from the outside world, but that doesn't stop a stalker in her attic from killing her.
Also, while Bernadette is on bed rest, she asks Raj to do some digging when she suspects Ruchi is trying to steal her job.
Seeing Brian enter her building, she seeks comfort at Luka's, where he's engaged in a game of Pictionary with his friends.
the others decide to take her on a picnic to Central Park, but since that idea sucks they plan a weekend in Atlantic City.
After getting it back from the vet, she delivers it home, only to find that Frank Buffay hasn't been there for four years.
Mulder and Scully have 24 hours to save Assistant Director Skinner from being killed by a biologically engineered disease.
Ezri makes plans to leave the station due to Worf's discomfort around her presence, and the painful memories she provokes.
But Klinger, filling in for the vacationing Radar, lacks the expertise and experience to wheel and deal for a new machine.
Pangol begins his plan for a rebirth of Argolis, a rebirth that will start by resuming their ancient war with the Foamasi.
Ross worries that they might be having too much of a good time together, like when Carol started spending time with Susan.
Pratt is overwhelmed when Leon persuades him to treat a badly wounded robber who duped Leon into participating in a crime.
Rebecca's smoking gets her into big trouble when she accidentally starts a fire in the bar and blames it on faulty wiring.
Meanwhile, Glory is conjuring up a creature that will be able to locate The Key for her, no matter what form it may be in.
She obviously doesn't remember it so he finally confronts her about it, only to find out he previously dated her roommate.
Sam stands to lose the bar to an old friend because of a bet that he would marry Jacqueline Bissett before a certain date.
If you'd like to elaborate on the summary or recap just add a .5 at the end of the episode numbers on the submission form.
As Morris and Neela do everything they can to save a wounded colleague, Abby treats a young girl injured during the blast.
Kira, Jake and Leeta are suspected of trying to stop the attempts at disabling the minefield and are held for questioning.
Meanwhile, on Deep Space Nine, now named Terok Nor, Kira must find a way of preventing the minefield from being destroyed.
He and the boys save the soon-to-be slaughtered calves by kidnapping them from the farm and hiding them in Stan's bedroom.
Stardate: Unknown Fresh from Starfleet's Advanced Tactical Training course, Ro Laren is assigned to infiltrate the Maquis.
As the forces of the Alpha Quadrant assemble, the changeling posing as Doctor Bashir is wrecking havoc on Deep Space Nine.
The CSI's resort to old school methods to solve a case, when a child is abducted during a blackout that cripples the city.
The Doctor and Liz find themselves fighting an enemy within their own ranks for the destiny of three dangerous astronauts.
When Martha is kidnapped by the Hath, the Doctor, Donna and a new friend must race to save her and stop a bloody conflict.
The Enterprise picks up a intergalactic conman, Harry Mudd, and three incredibly beautiful women who harbor a dark secret.
The Prince of Canada is about to take a princess and it is a joyous time for all Canadians as the royal wedding commences.
They are saved from execution by Solicitor Grey, the Commissioner of Prisons, but he has his own agenda for the prisoners.
The Westins visit Washington and Doug may be keeping a secret from Liz that many other senior staffers already know about.
The boys buy Martial Arts weapons from the county fair, and turn into Ninja warriors, complete with Anime-style animation.
Jed gets a harsh reality check from C.J. when he lingers too long in a small Oklahoma town devastated by a deadly tornado.
The guard/robber's brother reports a strange message on his answering machine, that makes it seem that he has been killed.
When he hears that it's in Arkansas, Mr Garrison tries to get out of the trip, to avoid contact with his estranged family.
Meanwhile, Cartman tries to warn everyone that there are too many minorities, more blacks and hispanics than white people.
She soon has more on her plate than she bargained for when first Daphne's mother confesses, then Daphne herself confesses.
When Vince Pike, the man who killed Walker's fianc'ee ten years prior, is released from prison, both men seek out revenge.
However, powerful aliens soon immobilize both ships and force Kirk and the alien captain to fight each other to the death.
This results in the judge giving the prosecution 72 hours to re-examine the evidence before the jury delivers its verdict.
What initially looks like a bizarre cult murder becomes more disturbing when they discover the motive behind the massacre.
Meanwhile on the slopes, Stan has a run in with one of the locals and is challenged to race the best skier on the mountain
While exploring the edge of the galaxy, the Enterprise encounters an energy barrier that gives two crewmen godlike powers.
Xena, Gabrielle, Joxer and Joxer's son, Virgil attempt to locate Livia by following the trail of villages she has ravaged.
A Children in Need minisode in which Vastra, Jenny and Strax try to trick the gloomy Doctor into caring and engaging again.
He has killed two Slayers before, and he decides to make Buffy the third, attacking Sunnydale High on Parent Teacher Night.
A sudden deluge of wounded at the 4077th is followed by a fire and a rainstorm which makes matters difficult for the staff.
Over 20 years later, he becomes the superhero protector of New York City, while an alien race sets out to invade the world.
After Voyager passes near a spatial rift, Chakotay is injured in Engineering, leaving his body in a state of temporal flux.
And while Carter is out of town, Abby receives word that Eric's private plane is missing and she refuses to contact Maggie.
But when Doctor Simeon threatens Earth with an army of icy snowmen, some old friends visit the Doctor and ask for his help.
the Black Caucus plays hardball with the Oval Office to gain a Congressional debate on the merits of reinstating the draft.
Gunn and Fred are still looking for them, but unbeknownst to them, one answer has been living with them all along,, Connor.
As 50/50 partners, Fonzie and Al are at odds about various aspects of the new Arnold's and threaten to not build it at all.
She has seen that crazy people know that she is different, so she goes to the mental ward at the hospital for some answers.
Her mother is trying to accept her back with open arms, but she doesn't seem to trust that Buffy won't just run away again.
Cartman becomes a restaurant critic after the parents of a new kid in school open an eatery in the gentrified part of town.
Catherine looks into one of her first cases as a CSI when a man claims that the verdict was influenced by faulty forensics.
Cupid's infant son Bliss runs amok, putting love spells on unsuspecting people, Xena falls in love with the warlord, Draco.
Dedicated to the Memory of, Derek Marlowe Jessica is on a train headed for El Paso where she is to lecture at a conference.
Forester is prepared to commit murder to secure the success of this project, can the inch-high travellers somehow foil him?
The creature demands that the Doctor be turned over to it, while Chase seeks to make an alliance with the alien vegetation.
Marion confronts Howard about his anxiety over becomming a grandfather, and Chachi continues to try to make up with Joanie.
Fonzie's friend's pregnant wife stays with Richie at the Cunningham house while the rest of the family is away on vacation.
Grissom and crew are called in after high roller Tony Braun, a known drug addict, is found dead in his house by a gardener.
He decides to open up his patient again, and discovers a nick in the colon that even Frank admits anyone could have missed.
He declares total prohibition of alcohol, which leads to a near riot amongst the camp, especially from Hawkeye and Trapper.
Meanwhile, Buffy has been working as a waitress in L.A., going by her middle name, Anne, and trying to forget her old life.
It's up to Cartman to face down the Chinese while the American populace is wracked by the haunting memory of recent events.
Jessica is the honorary commodore of the World's Cup Race, featuring Kyle Kimball's Buccaneer and Ned Larkin's Free Spirit.
Jessica wonders if the disappearance of a private eye in 1963 and the Kennedy assassination of the same year are connected.
Phoebe helps Monica cater a party at the home of Doctor Richard Burke, an old friend of the Gellers, who recently divorced.
When Elizabeth announces she's going away for Spring Break, Ross misunderstands and thinks she's asking him to go with her.
Locked in the perfect prison, the Doctor must mount a revolution to drive out the enemy and rescue the missing little girl.
Mac and Charlie fake their deaths to avoid the wrath of Mac's father who was released from prison and is out for vengeance.
Carter gets in trouble when a patient that he had discharged for insurance reasons comes back into the hospital near death.
Mark examines his prejudices when he's accused of neglecting a black gunshot victim, Kenny Law, in favor of a white victim.
Columbo investigates and finds out that Mrs Calvert has been having an affair and has lots of motive to set up her husband.
After she and Joey confront the critic, they participate in a beginning cooking class so she can feel better about herself.
Norm nearly has a cow when he hears that the Hungry Heifer is closing down, and mounts an all-out campaign to keep it going
On a wilderness trip, the men have to contend with both a violent criminal out on bail and an equally violent grizzly bear.
On his first day at work, Joe Quincy pieces together three news leaks and uncovers a scandal which forces Hoynes to resign.
Soon, nearly the whole crew is gone, and there is no way of stopping the strangers from appearing and overrunning the ship.
Joey tries to find a woman who keeps waving at him from Ross' building, but somehow keeps ending up at Ross' place instead.
He tries to convince them not to go through with the purchase, until the little girl that lives there helps him understand.
Richie falls in love with a Wisconsin Cola poster girl and poses as a successful hardware businessman in order to meet her.
Rory is reunited with his father as the time travelers try to stop a spaceship full of dinosaurs from colliding with Earth.
Sam becomes jealous when his impressive older brother Derek drops by the bar and charms everyone including a smitten Diane.
Sam is happy to be the subject of Diane's psychology term paper until he learns just exactly what the Don Juan syndrome is.
Sam makes a rash promise to God that he'll remain celibate if only someone else is the father of an old girl friend's baby.
The Navajo elders find Mulder's body in a cave and perform an ancient ceremony to call the spirit back to the empty vessel.
Since Kenny died, Butters has taken his place in the group and the boys think he really sucks at it and decide to fire him.
Stardate: Unknown Wesley must investigate the causes of strange tectonic activity on the planet where Data's pen pal lives.
Stardate: Unknown An away team investigates the apparent death of Jean-Luc Picard who was supposedly killed in a bar fight.
When the crew of Deep Space Nine saves the members of the new government, they fall under attack from the Klingons as well.
Susan is forced into the role of parent when Chloe gives birth and both Chloe and her mother, Cookie, shirk responsibility.
Ted has to get the house back, but how will this affect his dinner plans with the winner of the 'Lovely Girls' competition?
Luka begins to take a more active role in Alex's life after he's suspended for bringing a copy of Maxim Magazine to school.
The 18th season opens with the boys launching a Kickstarter campaign, raising the ire of an NFL team's boss in the process.
The A-Team delivers produce to the market for a farmer who is slowly being driven out of business by a land-hungry rancher.
Carter holds his own in spite of the procedural and technological advances made to emergency medicine since he's been gone.
The Doctor is recruited by Father Octavian to track the last of the Weeping Angels through the terrifying Maze of the Dead.
The Doctor must impersonate various crew members when Captain Janeway is abducted and held hostage for Voyager's warp core.
The boys find themselves humiliated on the street when a bunch of O.C. kids come up and serve the boys by out-dancing them.
The death of a govenrment inspector seems to be linked to a cattle rustling operation that always manages to avoid the law.
The quest for the Third Segment has landed the Doctor and Romana in the midst of a druidic cult centered on a stone circle.
Jessica doubts his guilt, and thinks the mystery hangs on an odd piece of music the victim was playing just before he died.
There are three suspects in the murder of a crooked deputy, a CPA, an illegal casino owner and his daughter's jilted lover.
Toby encourages the President to appoint Leo's controversial sister to a national education post, against Leo's objections.
So the A-Team flies to Miami, which causes a few problems, but after that, everyone has fun running a hotel for a few days.
Walker searches Dallas nightclubs to seek out who raped a friend's daughter with the help of a mickey slipped in her drink.
Walker seeks to bring justice to a Vietnamese gang responsible for murdering the son of his former martial arts instructor.
Meanwhile, River realizes that the Doctor's darkest hour has come and she must reveal her greatest secret to the Time Lord.
When a Klingon warrior is accidentally killed in Quark's Bar, Quark becomes the unwilling steward of a Klingon Great House.
When the Doctor lands his TARDIS in the Lancaster town of Lannet, in the present, he finds that somehing is terribly wrong.
While Max prepares to tap supernatural forces beyond imagining, the Doctor and Leela investigate the legend of the Fendahl.
Now he has to figure out how to get out of the cave without the others knowing about it and he can keep it all for himself.
In the present day, Angel tries to help the last member discover the hero inside which he lost when his family were killed.
While there are no casualties, Hawkeye & Trapper crate up Frank while he sleeps and receive gorilla suits through the mail.
Father Mulcahy discovers, from Corporal Bryant, the location of some penicillin, and he and Klinger go out in search of it.
With T-Mat defunct, the Doctor, Jamie and Zoe must undertake a dangerous rocket journey to save the world from catastrophe.
He gets Fonzie, Chachi, and Roger to join as pledges, and they have to follow the orders of Potsie during their initiation.
Worf must help his son, Alexander, to learn the ways of a Klingon warrior, while on a ship patrolling for Dominion vessels.
Pratt, Abby, Hope and Ray must struggle to save the family, and keep hope alive when they learn one member is still missing.
A mechanical bull gets the better of Cliff while Woody tries to deal with the romantic advances of his girl friend's mother.
A science convention at a hotel leads to Bernadette running into an ex-boyfriend and Howard worrying he can't quite compare.
But Xena's rebirth and Gabrielle's life are both threatened by Velasca, the Amazon who ruled the tribe in Gabrielle's stead.
A young woman with terminal cancer must make a choice between life-prolonging chemotherapy and the life of her unborn child.
After he sings her a song at Arnold's, Joanie develops a huge crush on Potsie and starts writing him anonymous love letters.
After his second wife Loretta kicks him out, Carla's ex-husband Nick Tortelli comes to Cheers asking Carla to take him back.
It seems that the real Ace Rimmer died years ago and has been replaced many times over by his counterpart from each reality.
Alex is grieviously wounded at Kim and Phil's wedding when Storm, a man she helped incarcerate five years prior, shoots her.
Luka and Sam have been keeping their relationship a secret from Alex, although he finds out and isn't too thrilled about it.
When Angel discovers what's going on, he is offered a chance to give Connor what he desires, even if it means giving him up.
Angel and Connor successfully engage in some much-needed father-son bonding when they find themselves fighting side-by-side.
As Janeway attempts to gain passage through alien territory, Seven of Nine believes that she is being contacted by the Borg.
Caught in the conflict in Tombstone, the Doctor and his companions try desperately to avoid getting shot, hung or kidnapped.
Chandler and Monica, tired of sneaking around, each make up an excuse to leave town and then go away for a weekend together.
In the future, planet Earth relies entirely on a transport system managed on the Moon that has inexplicably stopped working.
The Doctor manages to return to Earth with his allies only to find the Ice Warriors have seized the weather control station.
Cordelia's child is a fully grown woman, and everyone who sees or hears her instantly and rapturously begins to worship her.
Crew morale hits an all-time low when Voyager must spend two years crossing an expanse devoid of any stars or signs of life.
Dennis and Dee are faced with the decision of whether or not they should pull the plug on Pop-Pop, their sickly grandfather.
Dukat tries to persuade Kira to join a cult that worships the Pah-wraiths when she is unexpectedly transported to Empok Nor.
Dubenko wants to write up a case with Abby, but is he interested in taking her on a date instead? Luka and Sam discuss kids.
While visiting the Master in his island prison, the Doctor and Jo learn of a series of mysterious ship-sinkings in the area.
Fonzie pledges his love to Ashley but risks losing her when he allows an old girlfriend to spend the night at his apartment.
The counterfeiters don't know that Fonzie has survived, so a phony funeral is staged at their funeral parlor to entrap them.
Frasier decides to start dating other women now that Lilith has left him, and makes a date with his young secretary, Shauna.
Frohike pieces together and recites to Mulder and Scully what could be the possible life story of the Cigarette Smoking Man.
Corday crosses ethical lines to save the life of a rapist while Kovac and Weaver work feverishly to save the woman he raped.
Grissom and Catherine investigate the murder of a wealthy couple who are found outside of their home, which was up for sale.
Grissom's nemesis, serial killer Paul Millander, Matt O'Toole, reappears and claims a third victim in this gripping episode.
At the end of the day Abby decides to come clean with her colleagues about where she's been since Luka's father passed away.
In India, Xena and Gabrielle wake up in a paradise where a mystical man named Aiden teaches Gabrielle the art of meditation.
Monica discovers that Chandler doesn't put the CDs back in the right cases, so a project to organization them is undertaken.
Leo fears that the potential defection of a prominent North Korean pianist will jeopardize secret nuclear disarmament talks.
Kirk and his crew are at deadly risk from an alien creature that feeds on the salt in a human body and can take on any form.
Lilith grieves over the death of her favorite lab rat while bar support Paul proves an unlikely target for a sexy seduction.
When the woman leaves for awhile, Potsie and Ralph decide to take off, as well, leaving Richie to finish the job by himself.
Millionaire Clifford Calvert is framed for murdering a man he did business with and who in turn filed a lawsuit against him.
On Rachel's advice, her sister, Amy, breaks up with her fiance, whom she doesn't love, and temporarily moves in with Rachel.
On her birthday, Cordelia's visions become so painful that they propel her into an astral state and a life-threatening coma.
Once Cartman believes he has seen the funniest thing ever, he regretfully realizes he may never see anything as funny again.
Rimmer finally sees himself promoted to officer rank, and wastes no time lording his new position over the rest of the crew.
Everyone in the building decides Ross is cheap and not their kind of people, so he stubbornly tries to win their friendship.
Chandler confirms that it's a sex tape, and Monica tries to calm him down, until she realizes that it's not her on the tape.
Joey meets a hot woman, Hayley and starts dating her, but he recognizes her apartment and thinks he's slept with her before.
Phoebe meets a nice guy, Cliff at the hospital and sends Joey in, posing as Doctor Drake Ramoray to find out more about him.
As the clock counts down to the start of the new millennium, the Doctor has to stop the Master destroying all life on Earth.
Benton arranges a hearing test after a day care worker tells him Reese is not responding to sounds as the other children do.
Sheldon gets all the guys before the Human Resources Department when he tries to talk to Alex about her advances to Leonard.
Stardate: Unknown Picard exposes a planned genocidal attack on the Bajorans with the help of a new officer, Ensign Ro Laren.
Stardate: Unknown While overseeing an evacuation mission, Kira must try to persuade a stubborn old farmer to leave his home.
Stardate: Unknown The Klingons attack Cardassia in an attempt to overthrow the planet's newly installed civilian government.
Stardate: Unknown Jadzia, Worf and Kor hunt for the ancient Sword of Kahless, which is supposed to unite the Klingon Empire.
She flees to an Old People's Home, but the Soviets send their own team, forcing the old folks into service as The Grey Team.
The A-Team reminisces, via flashbacks about an injured Murdock as they look for a doctor and try to avoid a pursuing Decker.
The CSIs investigate a murder at a bowling alley after a critical piece of evidence is revealed during a bowling tournament.
The Doctor and his allies try to track down Weng-Chiang before he can activate the time cabinet and possibly destroy London.
The Doctor is lost in time and within the walls of an old, abandoned house, a mystery is afoot and the Weeping Angels await,
The Minyans have, at long last, found the P7E. But a host of guards and robotic seers stand between them and the race banks.
The Yeti are steadily advancing through the tunnels of the London Underground, spreading a mysterious cobweb-like substance.
After months of planning their costumes, at the last minute Randy tells Stan he can't go trick or treating with his friends.
The final 44 minutes of alcoholic ex-con Charlie Metcalf's life plays out as Kovac, Pratt and Sam struggle to save his life.
Ross and Charlie learn that they have a lot of fun together, and a lot in common,, including ex-es who turned out to be gay.
The gang stages a rodeo in an attempt to raise money to pay off the note H. R. Buchanan holds on Marion's Uncle Ben's ranch.
and Bernadette is upset with Penny after she accidentally leaks a secret to Bernadette's coworkers about her being pregnant.
Buffy and the gang race against the clock to find the killer, and all the clues point to Morgan and his ventriloquist dummy.
The team has a hard time trying to understand Michael Keppler, who has become a team member since Grissom's teaching hiatus.
The thespians of Cabot Cove put on a play about a 17th century woman who cursed the town before she was executed as a witch.
There's been a jewelry robbery in town, and Neela finds out that one of her patients might have had something to do with it.
Donna is less than thrilled when Josh assigns her the job of shadowing a possible security risk at Zoey's D.A.R. inducttion.
Walker receives a plea for help when a woman named Frances tells him how her husband, Billy, never returned home last night.
When Butters starts acting out at school, his parents realize it's time to tell him why he's not like all of the other kids.
When Captain Janeway and Chakotay contract an incurable virus they are left on a planet which shields them from its effects.
When Heather asks Santa to patch up the rift between her mother and grandparents, Fonzie decides to make her wish come true.
Jessica realises the two women are simply trying to protect each other, and begins to look at the faculty at the university.
When Leonard, Penny and Bernadette learn that Amy is going out on a dinner date, the trio set out to spy on her and the guy.
When a talking Orca whale, named Willzyx, speaks to Kyle and the boys, they're desperate to get him to his home on the moon.
While the Doctor and Clara try to save a Viking village from the Mire, the Doctor fixates on a single village girl, Ashildr.
Sisko is informed that the Breen have launched an attack against the only foothold the Federation has in Dominion territory.
A desperate man named Hank Berigan asks Alex for help in persuading his daughter, Amy, to leave the cult that she has joined.
A little boy named George sends a distress signal to the Doctor when he discovers that monsters live in his bedroom cupboard.
A nervous Wolowitz is thrown for a loop when NASA asks him to toss out the first pitch at a Los Angeles Angels baseball game.
It appears to Lister in it's true form, bringing him to the height of his terror, and then sucking his fear right out of him.
Donna joins the Vice President's senior staff, and heads for New Hampshire to start up Russell's presidential campaign there.
A series of mishaps trigger the Doctor's regeneration cycle, leading to the biggest and most exciting adventure of his lives!
A wounded GI learns a painful lesson when he forms a recovery room friendship with the enemy soldier he's critically wounded.
Her mother is released, and later shows up at Abby's apartment, where Luka is cooking a romantic dinner for himself and Abby.
After a man is killed in his limousine, Greg finds that the murder victim has ties to the man he had to kill in self-defense.
After the leader of a white-supremacist group is arrested, they retaliate by taking over a minority-owned television station.
Alex's is grievously wounded at Kim and Phil's wedding when Storm, a man she helped incarcerate five years prior, shoots her.
Meanwhile, the crew learn of the lifeform destroying Red Dwarf and plan to abandon ship, leaving the prisoners aboard to die.
Cordelia has inexplicably been made Princess of Pylea, but she begins to suspect that her guards may actually be her jailers.
Although Gunn is suspicious of Angel, he soon realizes Angel may be a valuable ally in the cleaning up of the City of Angels.
Angel visits Dinza, a Goddess of the lost, who advises him that an item called the Axis of Pythia can help him find Cordelia.
It seems to be going very well until Rachel discovers that Danny has an unusually close relationship with his sister, Krista.
Meanwhile the man-demon-machine Adam that Professor Walsh created is roaming Sunnydale and even Buffy can't seem to stop him.
CSM reveals all the government secrets from the past 50 years in order for his son, Jeffery Spender, to join him in his work.
Carla tries to conquer her fear of flying with Frasier's help and Rebecca waits tensely for a visit from a restaurant critic.
Carol lectures Cynthia regarding inappropriate behavior while on duty, and later she gets busted by Cynthia for kissing Doug.
Cliff gets very hurt and upset when his mother decides that Woody is the son she never had, and Norm gets caught in a window.
Cliff refuses to identify himself to his estranged father when the man comes to Cheers with an important message for his son.
Coach is conned into buying an old scale which also prints out fortunes, and the Cheers gang find their fortunes coming true.
Who is behind the attacks in the caves? The Doctor follows the clues to a freighter in deep space, where an old enemy awaits,
Dee is shocked to learn that an overweight social outcast from her High School has become a rich and skinny fashion designer.
Josh works to expedite the return of a 13 year old Georgia boy whose parents sent him to Italy after he murdered his teacher.
In the wake of a failed pregnancy attempt, Carol lashes out at a mother using abortion as a means of selective birth control.
Scott Anspaugh decides to stop fighting his cancer when faced with the prospect of a new experimental chemotherapy treatment.
At first Monica's apartment seems to be the accomodation of choice, but it soon becomes clear that Joey's is the place to be.
Fonzie meets a deaf woman at the electric company office where he is attempting to straighten out a billing error for Howard.
Rachel spends a thousand dollars on a pure-bred, hairless Sphinx cat, like the one her grandmother had when Rachel was a kid.
Meanwhile, Catherine and Nick begin to doubt seriously that the body found in the woods was the victim of a hunting accident.
Across town, Catherine is attacked at a crime scene where a man was murdered during what appears to have been a home robbery.
Having become a vengeance demon again, Anya attempts to curse Xander for the pain he caused her, but she can't do it herself.
Henry receives a citation for the camp achieving the best efficiency rating, and then General Hammond reassigns him to Tokyo.
In the pilot, we are introduced to four friends Mac, Charlie, Dennis and his sister, Dee, who run an Irish bar named Paddy's.
Joey needs inspiration for his love scenes on Days of our Lives, and uses his past love for Rachel as a source of motivation.
Mandy doesn't think a couple should be present at the signing of a new hate crimes bill instigated by the death of their son.
Kelly returns from Europe with a new French boyfriend and Cliff decides to have his head cryogenically frozen before he dies.
Pratt's efforts at community service backfire when a patient dies from the side effects of medication received at the clinic.
Kryten takes Camille back to Starbug, but when Rimmer sees her, she appears to him as a hologram who is quite taken with him.
Kyle wants to play a video game with Ike, but Ike is more interested in watching people play them with commentary on YouTube.
For the world is occupied by an alien force who controls humanity through post-hypnotic suggestion and no one can be trusted.
Wedding plans continue as Luka and Abby try to decide where to be married and how to cope with a too-helpful Morris and Hope.
Mail brings a letter to Frank saying his wife is divorcing him, and one to Potter telling him he's going to be a grandfather.
Carter and Keaton find it harder to maintain their secret relationship, and she tells him she will be going to Pakistan soon.
Monica and Richard have a chance meeting in a video store and decide to see each other as friends, but it doesn't stop there.
Meanwhile, there is another Cartman walking around, who is an alternate version of his normal self walking around South Park.
No one wants to believe that Jessica found a body in her hotel suite in London and they don't want her to believe it, either.
Paris defies a direct order when he insists on helping a people whose maritime planet is in danger of becoming uninhabitable.
Quark puts everything at stake to win back his long love Natima Lang, a Cardassian woman suspected of terrorism on Cardassia.
Phoebe lets slip that Monica had a bachelorette party, upsetting Chandler and Joey, who hadn't been allowed a bachelor party.
Radar, who is smitten with the cute new nurse, Linda Nugent, relies on Hawkeye's expertise on how to cope with the situation.
Richie goes to a Leopard Lodge convention with Howard in Chicago despite wanting to go to a Bears game with Potsie and Ralph.
Chandler buys a rare copy of Kathy's favorite book for her birthday, but then has to make sure that Joey's gift is good, too.
Season Finale, Carol is pushed to the breaking point after another day when politics triumph over health care, and she quits.
Mark trades his soul when he agrees to back Weaver for ER attending, in exchange for her support of Susan for chief resident.
They decide to build a ladder to Heaven where they expect to find Kenny and bring his winning ticket stub back to South Park.
But Kenny isn't the only one residing in Heaven, when we last checked, Saddam Hussein was being detained in paradise as well.
Stardate: Unknown On an away mission, Riker passes out from some toxic gas, and when he awakens he is 16 years in the future.
Stardate: Unknown A young intern visiting the Enterprise captures the interest of Q when she starts displaying Q-like powers.
He tells the Captain that the trial of seven years ago never ended and that humanity has been found guilty of being inferior.
Starfleet Command places Sisko in command of Starfleet Security, as they believe that Changelings may have infiltrated Earth.
Pratt hits on Chen several times throughout the day, and also performs an unauthorized procedure with Gallant on a dying man.
Tawnia asks the A-Team to find her fianc'e, an archaeologist last seen on an Amazon expedition that was attacked by a pirate.
However, he uses his acceptance speech to wreak verbal revenge on each and every person who has done him down over the years.
The CSI crew is stumped when they discover a disembodied brain at a crime scene where all the other brains are accounted for.
The CSI investigates the mystifying death of a former pro golfer whose allegiance to the game might have cost him everything.
The CSIs investigate a murder at the Clark County jail after an inmate stumbles upon a body while running away from officers.
The Doctor is abducted from Voyager and forced to work in a hospital where patients are treated based on their social status.
When they work out what is going on, Clara and Courtney face a terrible decision, which the Doctor refuses to help them with.
At first, the town is happy to have all the people there boosting the local economy, but the Hollywood types start to impose.
Buffy must put aside her own pain and try to track down the source of the demonic Hellhounds in time to save the Senior Prom.
They find they can travel to any time in history, but they are still in deep space, no closer to Earth than they were before.
Buffy and the gang must solve the mystery and overcome the bad guys without being able to verbally discuss their battle plan.
The downtrodden population of miners are kept happy by real-life violence and murder broadcast live from the Punishment Dome.
The gang create a sitcom using spy cameras originally installed out of fear that Charlie's Mom was holding Mac's mom hostage.
The gang learns that the Beast is planning to rip five magickal totems from the bodies of the beings who are protecting them.
The murder of a well-known casino owner's wife is cyber-related, so the CSIs get a boost from the FBI's Cyber Crime Division.
As if this isn't bad enough, things go further awry when one of the talent show participants is found with her heart removed.
The team is introduced to the Furry side of Vegas when a man is found dead on the side of the road, dressed in a racoon suit.
The you-know-what hits the fan a 162 times when the citizens of South Park hear the word Sh*t on the popular show, Cop Drama.
There's a new neighbor in South Park, Mr Jefferson, and he loves children so much, he has all sorts of toys, rides, and food.
This episode never aired because NBC decided to cancel it for creative reasons and air the series pilot in its place instead.
Two former college friends now partners in an accounting firm become enemies when one realizes the other has embezzled funds.
Walker clears the name of a young martial artist framed for murder, then trains him for a kickboxing tournament championship.
Walker winds up in a coma after trying to save a baby from a car that teetered off a bridge following a hit-and-run accident.
Also, Penny struggles to connect with her new mother-in-law while Amy and Bernadette have no problem hitting it off with her.
When Carol resuscitates a terminal cancer DNR so that she can say goodbye to her family, she realizes that life is too short.
When Marion's friend is dumped by her husband for a younger woman, Marion begins to think that Howard may do the same to her.
Meanwhile, Penny and Amy take new-mommy Bernadette on a girls' night out, leaving baby Halley in the hands of Raj and Stuart.
When Stephen Hawking visits Caltech to give a lecture, Sheldon goes to great lengths for a chance to meet his hero in person.
However the plan goes awry when Pompey plays off Xena's hatred of Caesar, landing Xena in the coliseum to fight for her life.
After intensive counseling about the issue, the boys try to understand why anyone would want to put something up their butts.
While arranging the wedding, Monica and Chandler learn that Ross has a surprise in store, He's planning to play the bagpipes.
However, Megan books the band the Monica and Chandler want for their wedding, and blackmails Monica into returning the dress.
Meanwhile, it's Gabrielle's birthday, which means a series of practical jokes and one-up-man-ship between Gabrielle and Xena.
With Richie in a dating slump, Fonzie sets Richie and himself up on a double date with two of his girls, Laverne and Shirley.
Worf and Dax join a Klingon ship captained by General Martok on his first mission since being freed from the Dominion prison.
The Breen launch an attack on Federation Headquarters, while Damar secretly forms plans to free Cardassia from Dominion rule.
A 5,000-year-old pyramid appears between earth's three major armies, and the UN summons the Doctor to deal with the situation.
Meanwhile, Catherine and Nick investigate the underground world of sports gambling when a teenager is murdered at close range.
After Alex and Sydney are kidnapped by Mexicans, the men set off to rescue them, but soon find themselves in need of rescuing.
After defeating a Borg ship, Captain Janeway decides to launch an attack on another damaged Sphere to steal a trans-warp coil.
Xena must prevent anyone from eating it, and on her journey she must confront a past lover and uncomfortably ask for his help.
They investigate but find no connection, Reyes continues to believe that a thread of evil is linking all the murders together.
An old English professor is caught red-handed over a young girl's body and insists he did it, but a young man later confesses.
A vast mining vessel trawls a sea of mineral sand for valuable ores, the tiny human crew served by an army of humanoid robots.
As the Doctor and Crozier attempt a desperate surgery to save Kiv, Peri and Yrcanos organize a resistance against the mentors.
Assistant Director Skinner and Scully are at a standoff when Mulder bursts in and discovers that Skinner has the digital tape.
Having returned from Germany, Josh expresses concern about Leo's well-being, and his observations turn out to be well founded.
There, the Doctor receives a clue to the location of hidden pirate treasure, making him a target for the vicious captain Pike.
Buffy is attacked by the mysterious girl and during the fight learns that her name is Kendra and that she is a Vampire Slayer.
Meanwhile, the goth kids are angry and frustrated when the other kids can't tell the difference between goth and vampire kids.
Cartman decides to become a pirate, and takes Butters and a small group of recruits with him to help make his dream come true.
Chachi becomes jealous after seeing a kissing scene involving Joanie and another actor during rehearsals for a school musical.
Chandler breaks up with a woman because her nostrils are too big, yet another superficial reason to avoid a real relationship.
Joey moves back in with Chandler, which allows Chandler to take advantage of Eddie's faulty memory, and finally be rid of him.
Cliff is opposed to selling out the family home so a convenience store can be built there, but his mother is all for the idea.
The others in the camp think that he might be cheating on Mildred, even though his friendship with Lil is completely platonic.
But the evil Bannerman are already closing in on her position and have no qualms about killing anyone who stands in their way,
With the mystery surrounding William becoming even more darker, Scully must allow herself to send him away for his own safety.
A young boy finds him in his disabled car and asks him to rescue his 12-year-old brother, trapped in a nearby flooded culvert.
Later Doug shows up drunk for his own awards ceremony threatening an obnoxious speech, but he reconsiders and recovers nicely.
Doctor Corday begins her first day as an intern, first by being assigned to Dale Edson, then being treated as Romano's lapdog.
During a celebration of Fonzie and Ashley's six-month anniversary of their first date, they recall the events of that evening.
A man rushes to the ER when his wife is seriously injured in a car accident, and finds someone very unexpected there with her.
There, the four travellers are dragged into the savage politics of a tribe of cavemen who have lost the secret of making fire,
At first she is turned on by his power to close places down, but soon realizes that they're running out of good places to eat.
Following an offer of promotion made by Master Sergeant Woodruff at a poker game, Radar is promoted to the rank of lieutenant.
Frank falls out of a window and his injury makes him think it's 2006, so the gang use it as a chance to correct past mistakes.
Frasier is devastated when he learns that his learned mentor has been dating Carla, who also has a little surprise of her own.
The pilot is two minutes longer than Cartman Gets An Anal Probe and features almost four minutes of never-before-seen footage.
On arriving in town, the agents begin their search at a nearby zoo with the distinction of never being the site of live birth.
Will Coon and Friends prevail!? Will Mysterion finally master his death-defying abilities!?!? WHERE IS CAPTAIN HINDSIGHT?!!?!?
It's their 23rd anniversary, and Howard and Marion are angry at each other over a rate-your-mate test they took in a magazine.
Jessica heads to Boston with Leo Peterson, an old friend in Cabot Cove, to attend a special presentation of the Rostov Ballet.
Jessica reluctantly gets involved when the coffin at Henry Vernon's memorial service turns out to be someone other than Henry.
Joanie is unsure about whether or not she wants to go with her boyfriend to The Alamo, a special section of Inspiration Point.
Mr Geller discovers them having sex in the janitor's closet and is mortified, until he learns that they're trying to conceive.
When Joey finally goes for his audition, he learns that the game show has been simplied to a basic question and answer format.
Ken Franklin is the untalented writer but skilled PR agent of a mystery book writing team that created detective Mrs Melville.
Korean children and American soldiers are often badly wounded when they hunt for souvenirs which the enemy have booby-trapped.
Local councilwoman Janet Eldridge comes to Cheers as part of her re-election campaign, and Sam finds himself smitten with her.
a fired White House photographer has written a tell-all book about the Administration that Sam wants to refute point by point.
Mark and Susan take to the air for helicopter flight rotation, which brings to the ER an entire family injured in an accident.
While waiting for a flight to Vegas, Weaver, who wasn't invited to the wedding, strikes up a conversation with a friendly man.
Miles O'Brien disappears while on a secret trip to New Sydney, which is in a system where Ezri's mother owns a mining company.
Joey Teaches a class, Acting for Soap Operas . While trying to return the bed, Joey and Monica see Janice kissing her husband.
The Doctor is forced to ally with Doctor Solon to bring him to heel, but the two disagree about what should happen to Morbius.
Motorcycle racing in Osaka, Japan, puts a man's life in danger when he tries to wed a girl from a traditional Japanese family.
They soon come to realize that all the trouble is coming from the Indian Burial Ground pet store, and they set out to stop it.
News that Barry and Mindy are getting divorced gets the gang wondering what their lives would be like if Rachel married Barry.
Penny's business selling hair accessories out of her apartment gets out of hand when an over-caffeinated Sheldon takes charge.
Perky, blonde Buffy Summers is like any other teenage girl, or she would be if it weren't for that pesky Slayer destiny thing.
Chandler is still a bit flighty, but then he overhears Phoebe mention Monica's pregnancy, and that brings him back to reality.
They insist that everyone be there, which strains all their plans, Chandler and Monica are trying to get away for the weekend.
Sam thinks he's doing Woody a favor by not placing a bet for the young man, but the long shot comes in and Sam has to pay off.
Stan and Kyle are being held captive at the Pentagon until they tell the government exactly how they got into Imaginationland.
In an effort to bring them closer, the Tamarian Captain beams himself and Picard onto a planet inhabited by a dangerous beast.
One of the Klingons has discovered where the murderer is in hiding and the three Klingons intend to avenge their sons' deaths.
Stardate: Unknown Sisko and Jake build a solar sailing ship in an attempt to recreate a journey taken by the ancient Bajorans.
Stardate: Unknown Jadzia rekindles a relationship when she meets the current host of the wife of one Dax's past hosts, Torias.
The A-Team moves a rock star threatened with kidnapping into a quiet suburban neighborhood, which doesn't stay quite for long.
The CSI team works to close Grissom's last open case, the Dick & Jane murders, as Grissom prepares to leave the team for good.
The CSIs investigate the stabbing of a motocross racer who was about to leave town with a young woman he had been living with.
The Doctor and Clara travel to the North Pole to rescue a team of beleaguered scientists, with a little help from Santa Claus.
The Doctor and Martha must team up with the locals to defeat the Daleks and prevent an already depressed city from total ruin.
The Indian Ocean, 1935, or is it? The Doctor and Jo arrive on the SS Bernice, a ship due to mysteriously vanish without trace.
Meanwhile, Hawkeye learns that he has successfully tricked Frank into buying stocks in a fictitious company, Pioneer Aviation.
Upon their arrival, the Chief makes them real junior detectives and gives them their first assignment, breaking up a meth lab.
The gang is once again eligible to compete in the Flipadelphia, a flip cup tournament after being banned from it for 10 years.
The latest scuttlebutt affects everyone's behavior when a visiting officer is rumored to be recruiting for a new M*A*S*H unit.
The survivors of a wrecked ship are stranded with the lighhouse crew on Fang Rock as a deadly menace slithers through the fog.
The village of Carbury, England, in the late 1990s, where a nuclear missile convoy overseen by UNIT has run into difficulties.
The violent outbreak of a revolution interferes with the planned rescue of three American citizens from a Third World Country.
Now, to make sure nobody gets in the way of true love, it's time for Cartman to finally let someone know exactly how he feels.
Donna takes one for Jack when a comment he thinks he is making off the record is included in a Post article by Danny's editor.
Voyager is pulled into an empty layer of subspace where ships are forced to attack each other and steal supplies for survival.
When Raj moves out of his apartment to save money, both Howard and Bernadette and Leonard and Penny offer him a place to stay.
When he's sent to the school counselor to talk about his disorder, Stan realizes that he's not the only one who has a problem.
While Catherine and Vartann investigate a drug ring, Langston and Stokes look into the latest Las Vegas business boom, fetish.
Pratt, riding with the paramedics, pronounces a derelict dead, but the man is later discovered alive by Gallant in the morgue.
With the Beast out of the way, and sunlight returned to L.A., Wesley and Faith prepare for a final confrontation with Angelus.
Xena and Gabrielle encounter their old friend Eli who has been targeted by Indrajit, the King of Demons, and his dark minions.
But when Xena learns about Najara's reform or die policy for prisoners, the warrior princess has to put a stop to her crusade.
Xena, Aphrodite, and Gabrielle take turns as the fairy Godsmother of a young Princess who is unhappy about her new stepmother.
A brawl at Rosie's Bar puts Rosie in the hospital, and the 4077th doctors are pressed into service as temporary saloon-keepers.
Afterwards he meets with the old friend, a magician, at the magician's workshop and kills him to settle a long-standing grudge.
A girl with Down's Syndrome is the only witness to Trent's stabbing attack, and the Rangers need her to identify the assailant.
Catherine leads the investigation and at first believes the woman was escaping, but the evidence increasingly points to murder.
A petty crime aboard an inbound plane to Las Vegas erupts into a murder investigation when one of the passengers is found dead.
A rich man disliked by his family has a bomb planted in his car, but before it explodes, he is run over and killed, but by who?
Cat walks in and in Rimmer's voice, promises to give his body back in a few days and starts to gorge himself on a pile of food.
A successful gene experimentation leaves Sheldon excited to procreate with Amy, and he pulls out all stops to get her on board.
Adam reveals that Riley has a behavior modification chip located just over his heart and wired into his central nervous system.
Meanwhile Angel visits a comic book store seeking to solve the mystery and find out why someone would want Fred out of the way.
When Spike manages to go out, he falls into a mysterious trance and then seduces and attacks a girl as the First Evil looks on.
Meanwhile, the Cunningham's television set is broken, and, while it is away being repaired, Howard suffers withdrawal symptoms.
After watching a Thanksgiving special on The History Channel, the boys believe that aliens were involved in the original feast.
An actor who plays a TV detective commits the perfect murder, but finds himself matching wits with real-life detective Columbo.
At his 45th birthday, Howard realizes that his life has been very dull up to this point, and he attempts to run away to Tahiti.
At the Amazon village, Gabrielle is torn between staying as Queen of the Amazons and sharing adventures with Xena and baby Eve.
Sam explores the idea of a national seatbelt law after Bartlet is sued by a woman whose husband died in an automobile accident.
Callisto makes a bargain with Ares, from Tartarus, to switch bodies with Xena, sending Xena into Tartarus and freeing Callisto.
Carter and Harper try to find a place to make out, after which he spends the day with a bandage on his neck to hide the hickey.
Carol and others, including her 10 year-old neighbor Robert, are trapped in a convenience store after a failed robbery attempt.
Catherine and Nick investigate street racing after one of the drivers is found dead out in the desert at an abandoned airstrip.
Sara and Catherine have a dispute in which Sara gets suspended by Ecklie for acting insubordinate toward Catherine and himself.
Chance possession of a secret intelligence document lands Jessica in the center of an international web of intrigue and murder.
Lucy's mother visits the ER to empty her daughter's locker and pay a visit to Carter, who is regaining strength and recovering.
Angel and the crew are no exceptions, but that may change when one of them gets a glimpse of what this strange woman really is.
However, when Odo and Curzon merge and want to remain that way, Dax must find her confidence and reclaim that piece of herself.
Believing that the police isn't doing anything to solve the crime, the two set out with their new firearm to capture the thief.
Dennis teaches the guys his comprehensive seduction system that will help them gain the undying love and devotion of any woman.
Diane is haunted by the memories of the couple who lived a long and happy life together in the home she and Sam have purchased.
Then there's the mysterious skull, also being used as part of his work, a skull that seems to predate the evolution of mankind.
Fonzie is invited to a socialite dinner party, but the people who invite him do so thinking Fonzie will make a fool of himself.
Keppler is put into a compromising position when the bodies of a Trenton police officer and a hooker are found in a hotel room.
He learns that in this reality, he never served aboard Voyager, but instead works in Starship Design at Starfleet Headquarters.
In 1997 Sunnydale, the computer teacher, Miss Calendar, is working on a project to digitally scan all the books in the library.
Chandler and Monica decide to have a one-night stand, but afterwards Chandler convinces her to dump the doctor and be with him.
James Woods guest stars as a Doctor Nate Lennox, a former professor of biochemistry who was Abby's early medical school mentor.
Donna's parents are the unlikely inspiration for the resolution to the problems arising from the judicial confirmation process.
Phoebe is invited to a party which Mike will also be attending, and stresses about looking great but pretending to be over him.
Monica and Chandler decide they shouldn't have secrets from each other, but it backfires on upsets them both, and Ross as well.
Josh and Sam are able to make a bargain to keep Leo from going through a hearing, at the expense of a new sex education report.
Kenny dies when he's run over by Officer Barbrady, but Kenny reappears in the end when the boys are waiting for the school bus.
Kirk is one of the last survivors who can identify a mass killer, who lurks among a Shakespearean troupe aboard the Enterprise.
Lister gets more than he bargained for when the disk supposedly containing Kochanski's hologram is actually a copy of Rimmer's.
Mulder and Scully investigate a gruesome and unexplained snake-bite death, which points to a religious group in the Deep South.
Mulder and Scully investigate the murder of a city official, a crime that doesn't appear to have been committed by human hands.
Mulder finds evidence of alien technology and boards a plane with it but the plane is intercepted mid-flight and it disappears.
Neela proves her worth as attending material when she clashes with Dubenko on how to proceed with two different surgical cases.
Odo meets another shapeshifter, whom he realizes is one of the 100 infants sent out to learn abouth other species and cultures.
On his way to some R&R in Tokyo, a North Korean soldier forces Hawkeye to perform an emergency roadside operation on his buddy.
On leave in Tokyo, Radar is desperately needed back at the crisis-stricken 4077th, but his return is delayed by outside events.
Cartman finds everything about his prank funny until a very strange couple turns up in South Park searching for their lost boy.
Penny becomes addicted to an online game based on the world of Conan the Barbarian and persistantly pesters Sheldon for advice.
Monica and Rachel plan a baby shower for Phoebe, but decide not to give her baby-stuff because she won't be keeping the babies.
Janine doesn't like hanging out with them, and hard feelings grow and grow until Joey and Janine break up and Janine moves out.
Ross and Mona get photos back from their date at Rockefeller Center, and Mona wants to send one out together as a holiday card.
Randy uses the N word on live TV and faces public ridicule for it and Stan tries to understand Token's feelings on the subject.
They gets put in a semi-private room, and see couple after couple come and go, while Rachel's own labor progresses very slowly.
Sam hires a new bar manager that everyone seems to like, then learns how low Rebecca has sunk in her pursuit of new employment.
Season Finale, Carter travels to the Congo to join Luka, and quickly discovers how different things are to what he left behind.
Mark learns all about being an attending, including senior staff's habit of bad-mouthing the residents, particularly Doug Ross.
Stardate: Unknown A rift in the space/time continuum brings the Enterprise-C 22 years into the future, and alters the timeline.
Worf's adoptive parents spend time with their son on the Enterprise, and succeed in embarrassing him in front of his crewmates.
Stardate: Unknown While escorting a group of telepaths, crew members on board the Enterprise suddenly start to slip into comas.
Stardate: Unknown 200 years after his disappearance, a Bajoran poet emerges from the wormhole claiming to be the real Emissary.
Father Jack is mistaken for Bob Geldof and Dougal manages to give the house away to a feminist rock star called Niamh Connolly.
Ted performs a genuinely unselfish act, and is rewarded with the offer of a parish in California, his wildest dreams come true.
The CSI crew investigate the murder of a con man who's been selling counterfeit bottles of a rare wine for millions of dollars.
Their investigation leads them to a bizarre underground culture in which men dress as female dolls to live out their fantasies.
The CSIs arrive at their favorite diner only to discover a gruesome crime scene with eight dead victims and a lot of questions.
The Doctor moves in with the Ponds while investigating millions of small black cubes that have invaded Earth but seem harmless.
The time-travellers team up with Charles Dickens to investigate Mr Sneed, the local undertaker, who's hiding a very big secret.
The English channel, the 1900s AD. The TARDIS lands on barren Fang Rock, inhabited until now only by three light-house keepers.
The Enterprise investigates the cause of an explosion which destroyed a small ship and its entire crew, except for a small boy.
The Enterprise picks up a crew of genetic supermen from the 20th century, and their leader, Khan, plans to create a new empire.
But the station comes under attack from the Sontarans, and far away in space and time the sixth Doctor goes into psychic shock,
Meanwhile, the quintuplets run away from the tour with their grandmother, who does not want to go back to impoverished Romania.
The citizens of South Park find themselves in a bad spot when people from the future start traveling back in time to find work.
In the center of the fog they find a Space Corps derelict which also has a time drive, which they hook up to Starbug's engines.
However, his smugness turns to guilt when Rimmer says that the chest belonged to his father and is worth more to him than life.
Meanwhile, Dennis wants to join a group of environmental activists and Charlie attempts to learn the truth about his paternity.
She reveals that the Mayor plans to transform himself into pure demon, something that has not been seen for thousands of years.
Following Earth's destruction, a tiny colony struggles to eke out a life on a desolate world, a world that buries its own dead,
The singing man, the bird smell, and the lack of space drive Rachel and Monica to new attempts to get their old apartment back.
They take the arrest personally, and they later confront the officers when they are brought to the ER for a different accident.
Though she only appeared at the end of the last episode, it now seems that she has been around since before the series started.
CJ has to decide which one of two turkeys the President should pardon but then tries to save the other from the chopping block.
the Ritchie campaign whips up a furor when Abbey claims to be just a wife and mother . Qumar reopens the Shareef investigation.
Phoebe, while looking at Ross' potential new apartment with Rachel, looks out the window and sees Chandler and Monica doing it.
Meanwhile, Torres and Kes must work quickly to save The Doctor when a malfunction in his program causes him to lose his memory.
When Xena and Gabrielle encounter the Amazons, Gabrielle tries to save an Amazon from what appears to be an attack by Centaurs.
When strange things start happening to the students at Sunnydale High, it seems that everyone is living their worst nightmares.
The companions emerge triumphant, but must now struggle against the Toymaker's most formidable competitor, Cyril the Schoolboy.
and B.J. and Hawkeye try to convince the Marines to grant a hardship discharge to an immigrant soldier, Private Jost Van Liter.
The students miss the third grade already, so they enlist two local college students to build a time machine to take them back.
A Texas Ranger wannabe tries to upstage Walker by capturing prison escapees, buts gets innocent civilians in harm's way as well.
The fates are drawing close around the TARDIS, is this the day the Doctor falls? There is just one certainty, Silence will fall,
A bus carrying 23 passengers from Los Angeles to Las Vegas crashes less than 40 miles from its destination, killing nine people.
A famous psychiatrist uses an appointment with his doctor be his alibi while he calls his house, where his dead wife's lover is.
A grandfather and grandson are injured in a chainsaw accident, leaving Luka stuck upstairs with one of them in a difficult case.
Meanwhile, Sheldon brags that he and Amy are a better couple than Leonard and Penny, so they set out to prove he's way off base.
A paroled safecracker is approached to join a new gang, but tells Walker and has a plan to identify the leader of the criminals.
Hawkeye manages to announce to the camp that the items will be dusted for prints to identify the real thief, and catches Ho-Jon.
Meanwhile, Catherine and Warrick investigate the death of a 13-year old girl whose body was dumped unceremoniously outside town.
And Santos decides that he will run for president after all, but only if Josh will leave the White House to manage his campaign.
Nick, with an assist from Catherine, tries to find how a woman was killed by a gunshot on her lawn when no one nearby had a gun.
A wheelchair-bound man, injured by a drunk driver, answers Fonzie's want advertisement for Bronko's Auto Repairing and is hired.
She hesitates, not sure what to believe, but when Angel's secret puts someone she loves in danger, she knows what she has to do.
After Potter orders Radar to move a Korean spirit post believed to ward off evil spirits, things mysteriously begin to go wrong.
This eventually brings them to the conclusion that they must barricade themselves behind a great wall to protect their children.
After floating above the city on a barrage balloon, Rose is swept off her feet by another time traveller, Captain Jack Harkness.
After hearing from a former employee about the wonders of television advertising, Howard thinks it will help his hardware store.
After luring Section 31's Sloan to Deep Space Nine, Bashir and O'Brien enter his consciousness to find a cure for Odo's illness.
Meanwhile Riker and the rest of the crew investigate the fragments of a Vulcan ship discovered in the wreck of a Ferengi vessel.
Kate is initially reluctant to give Josh any information on a personal or professional level as they sit out the alert together.
Using her telekinetic powers to travel through time, Kes intends to deliver Voyager to the Vidiians and rescue her younger self.
Meanwhile, Illyria tries to locate an ancient temple where she believes she will find an army ready to help her destroy mankind.
Donna tries to calm Josh down while Bruno paces the Vinick War Room but both managers think the exit polls numbers don't add up.
Sheldon rearranges Howard and Bernadette's closet and finds an unopened letter from Howard's father, sent for his 18th birthday.
Leonard discovers Raj's sister Priya is back in town and reconnects with her, and Amy tries to comfort Penny when she finds out.
Colonel Potter nearly blows his stack when his well-intentioned colleagues mollycoddle him in order to lower his blood pressure.
Unfortunately, she's up against an arrogant mayor who fancies himself a cop, and a circus full of people who aren't too helpful.
Mr Mackey takes the boys into one room, Miss Choksondik into another, and neither of them does a good job at teaching about sex.
Doyle must overcome his fears when the gang tries to protect a group of half-human demons from a vicious group of racist demons.
A dorm-room water-balloon fight shows Ross that his relationship with Elizabeth doesn't have a future, so he breaks up with her.
As the day ends, Luka and Abby talk, and awkwardly decide to stay just friends, while Neela has a welcome, and overdue, visitor.
When she cries Rape! when Burns visits her tent, Houlihan recants her story, and Burns, not Hawkeye, ends up under house arrest.
Howard is offered the vice-presidential position at a large hardware-store chain and considers taking it and moving to New York.
Howard puts on a burlesque show for his Leopard Lodge with the hope that it will earn him the honor of being the Grand Pooh-Bah.
Howard's Uncle Joe, after reading Richie's report on the 1920s, tells him a story about what really happened during Prohibition.
Meanwhile, Charlie and Mac attempt find a way to prove that they are not racist after making some rude and insensitive comments.
In the search for omicron particles to boost the ship's energy supplies, Voyager inadvertently injures a space-faring life form.
disregarding the advice of more seasoned colleagues, Haffley makes a major misstep and loses his advantage over the White House.
Phoebe joins them, because she celebrates with her grandmother and her grandmother's boyfriend, in December, because he's lunar.
Joey's financial needs aren't being met by his job at the coffee house, so he looks into participating in another medical study.
He kills his partner and the real writer, Jim Ferris, because Ferris is planning on breaking up the team and writing on his own.
Carter's sad family gathering is interrupted by Abby's mentally troubled brother Eric, who has left his voluntary care facility.
They bring her back to Red Dwarf and Lister sees a human female with lowbrow tastes and manners particularly well suited to him.
Margaret writes about how there are some patients she will never forget, whilst the Colonel tells of his days as 'Hoops' Potter.
Milwaukee's East Boulevard Business Association, led by Howard, wants to build an expressway off-ramp through Inspiration Point.
This arrangement is strained to the breaking point when Rachel wants to tell Ross she still loves him, but Monica won't let her.
Rachel, Phoebe, Joey, and Ross are all late for dinner, angering Monica and Chandler, who didn't want to host the dinner anyway.
Mr Garrison invites the Sexual Harassment Panda to his class to tell them about the laws concerning sexual harassment in school.
Penny's break-up spurs Leonard to summon the courage to ask her out, and each goes to Sheldon for advice on their upcoming date.
Ross finds out his ex-wife, Carol is pregnant, and he has to attend the sonogram along with Carol's lesbian life-partner, Susan.
Vera's sister Donna is visiting the Petersons and Norm is worried that Donna will flirt with him like she did on her last visit.
Sam decides to settle his feud with John Hill by dating the man's daughter and Carla fears that the foosball table is possessed.
Kovac later treats a heavily pregnant teenager who didn't know she was pregnant and refuses a C-section to save the baby's life.
Sick and tired of having liver and fish for an 11-day stretch, Hawkeye, driven near to insanity, starts a riot in the mess tent.
Stan becomes coach of a Pee Wee Hockey team and for the benefit of one his players he tries to make them into a team of winners.
Stardate: Unknown Picard reluctantly agrees to a battle simulation pitting the Enterprise against an outdated Federation vessel.
Stardate: Unknown A female Ferengi disguises herself as a male in order to help Quark with business deals in the Gamma Quadrant.
Stardate: Unknown Data find himself mysteriously stranded on a planet with no recollection of who he is or how he arrived there.
Ted finally escapes to a new posting at Castlelawn Parochial House, Dublin, with civilised company and frequent jaunts to Paris.
The Doctor and his friends materialise on a volcanic island, where they are kidnapped by natives of an underground civilisation.
It may be another stand against immeasurable odds, but waiting in the wings for the Time Lord is a sign that all songs must end,
But it's a race against time as Ace and Kingpin try to retrieve the one weapon he can use against the fearsome Gods of Ragnarok.
Carter objects and recommends that she stops immediately as she is 24 and shouldn't be taking medicine for hyperactive children.
Maaga orders the Doctor to help her and her warriors capture the Rill ship, and keeps Steven hostage to ensure his co-operation.
After hours of trying to reason with it, they try to get rid of it by forcing it into Lister's arm and then cutting the arm off.
Holly, meanwhile, induces Kryten to open a cannister of Lithium Carbonate, a mood stabilizer thinking it is a fire extinguisher.
The evil Chessene puts in motion her plan to acquire the power of time travel, a plan that will change the Doctor's very nature,
After the speech, while it rains again, Monica and Mike get into a ping-pong match and their competitive sides really take over.
After finally being released, Sam goes home to his wife and now-grown son who is expecting his first child with his wife, Terry.
To get information on a gang who destroyed a friend's life via blackmail, Walker and Trivette join by posing as street fighters.
Two sisters ask the A-Team for help when they are pressured to convert their all-natural soda pop bottling plant into a brewery.
Walker must come to the rescue when C.D.'s niece is kidnapped by her ex-boyfriend and forced to go on a spree of bank robberies.
Walker tells the story of the Old West's Hayes Cooper, a Scrooge-like Texas Ranger who finally learned to have Christmas spirit.
Meanwhile, Sheldon recruits Raj and Howard to find a woman for him, since they were responsible for getting Amy and he together.
To gather enough evidence to bring down the doctors responsible, CD poses as an Alzheimer's disease patient to go in undercover.
Meanwhile, Walker works a case involving the execution of several police officers and one of the targets is a friend of Trent's.
As the ride finishes Lister is so angry at Rimmer that Kryten sticks it to Kochanski because his method worked better than hers.
However a modern-day reporter repeatedly interferes on a quest of his own to find a news-worthy story and expose the real Xena .
When Giles goes out on his own and is trapped by a group of vampires, Buffy must figure out a way to balance dating and Slaying.
A boxing champ dies in the ring after taking a brutal beating from his nemesis, but Grissom finds evidence that points to murder.
Subsequentely, a Prophet saying that she must defeat the 'Evil One,' which will then usher in Bajor's Golden Age, possesses Kira.
Carter and Deb experience the strangeness brought on by the full moon coinciding with the naturally heavy Saturday night traffic.
A principal of a high school has his suspicions about a teacher who may be involved in the sudden influx of drug usage on campus.
A touring USO show brings an unexpected touch of vaudeville to the 4077th when the star showgirl requires an emergency operation.
After having to borrow money from Marion and being hassled by Fonzie about being a bum, Chachi takes a job as a dance instructor.
Frank takes charge of the gun, while Hawkeye and Trapper are determined to prevent him using it, by getting rid of the ammo dump.
The plot thickens when the rival weight-loss spokesman finally comes out with the secret weapon he used in the fight against fat.
Phoebe is displaced when Terry, the manager of Central Perk, hires Stephanie, a professional singer, to play at the coffee house.
His interrogation is delayed when a smuggler named Jacob Kewper contacts Pike, erroneously believing him to be a fellow smuggler.
Carol overcomes a few initial jitters and heads back to work in the ER. Mark treats a woman who is a victim of domestic violence.
A patient's cell phone accidentally sets off nearby electronic equipment, while another is brought in handcuffed to his mistress.
Weaver becomes disenchanted with Ellis West and Synergix after discovering that they close most trauma centers that they acquire.
However, two jealous mermaids who look suspiciously familiar attempt to take out Gabrielle so they can have Hagar for themselves.
Cliff drastically alters his personality after no one from the bar comes to visit him during his hospital stay with appendicitis.
Dee becomes a substitute teacher and takes the class on a field trip to see the guys' interpretation of the Lethal Weapon series.
At Fetch Priory, DoctorFendelman's experiments with the new Time Scanner are disrupted by the mysterious death nearby of a hiker.
A strange anti-matter creature arrives on Earth and attacks UNIT HQ. It seems to be specifically seeking the Doctor out, but why?
Richie succumbs to temptation and makes out with Denise at Inspiriation Point, but he later finds out that she has mononucleosis.
Full of confidence following being named one of People's 30 to Watch Under 30, Raj hits on Penny and becomes impossibly arrogant.
In Britannia, Gabrielle becomes pregnant and is pursued by an angry mob, a sacred order of knights, and a group of evil banshees.
The only way Xena can defeat Aiden is to become evil herself, but if she does so, will any of them, including Gabrielle, be safe?
In the grand tradition of Wham UK, flatulant Canadian superstars, Terrance and Phillip, have broken up over creative differences.
Diane turns up to apologise to Sam but ends up asking Janet some personal questions which causes Sam to throw her out of the bar.
Jessica gets drawn into an already tense family situation while visiting an old friend, Lee Goddard, on his ranch outside Tucson.
It seems awfully big and Starbug's engines make the sound of a buzzing fly as it passes under another, massive Starbug! Uh, Guys.
Also, Hawkeye fixes up a soldier who repays them with a large side of steak, but the general who it belongs to is really steamed.
News reaches Voyager through the up-and-running Pathfinder project that the Doctor's creator, Lewis Zimmerman, is critically ill.
Nog takes medical leave in the holosuite program of a 1962 Earth Las Vegas lounge after he lost his leg during a previous battle.
Upon seeing the three in their ridiculous get-up, Kryten's files are corrupted almost instantly and he reverts to his usual self.
Photonic life forms mistake the characters in Tom's holonovel for real people, which leads to a war with the holodeck characters.
Cartman believes this is a message from Hell, but the real story down there is about Satan's torrid night in Saddam's hotel room.
Pursued by a mysterious Watcher, the Doctor goes to Logopolis to repair the TARDIS. But his old nemesis is one step ahead of him,
Rebecca prepares herself to spend her first night with Robin Colcord while Sam takes the first step towards owning the bar again.
Season Premiere, Moretti's first day is challenging as the ER is inundated with casualties from the peace rally, including Neela.
Season Premiere, Multiple traumas come to the ER after a truck crashes into a coffee bar, narrowly missing a very pregnant Carol.
The mission is a success, but it leaves the ship without warp engines and stranded 17 years from the nearest Federation Starbase.
During their journey, they encounter an omnipotent being known as Q, who accuses humanity of barbarism, and places them on trial.
Stardate: Unknown Worf is reunited with his long-lost brother when their father is charged with treason for helping the Romulans.
Stardate: Unknown Worf is captured by the Romulans where he learns why the other captives did not attempt an escape years before.
The CSI's investigate a series of murders, as one of their own goes on a dangerous undercover mission to get close to the killer.
however, both Timmy and Jimmy believe that there is only room for one disabled Cub Scout and they start fighting with each other.
When they escape, Rimmer and Cat, due to their erasure, don't recognise them, and a completely different Lister and Kryten exist.
The boys are divided over which gaming device to buy and a bloody battle will determine whether X-box or Sony will be the winner.
The evil Chessene puts in motion her plan to acquire the power of time travel, a plan that could change the Doctor's very nature.
The guys take Frasier on a snipe hunt in the woods after Diane asks them to include the psychologist in their masculine pursuits.
The military police think they've solved a rash of thefts at the 4077th when they apprehend Klinger with Hawkeye's stolen camera.
Jamie tries to convince the resistance of the true nature of their enemy while the Doctor and Zoe evade the mysterious War Chief.
Toby is confused when VP Hoynes, a strong supporter of the oil industry, volunteers to give a speech attacking the energy sector.
The team must solve a series of grisly murders surrounding the world of high stakes poker before the killer plays the final card.
The third grade class of South Park elementary is invited to play My Country 'Tis of Thee at the 4 Million Child Blow 2000 event.
The young woman Cliff turned in for stealing a Post Office vehicle returns from Canada with an offer that literally blinds Cliff.
The young woman, a princess, is taken captive, so it's up to Xena to rescue her by pretending to still be a money hungry warlord.
When Jessica is offered an honorary degree from Crenshaw University, she has no idea she's about to become embroiled in a murder.
Instead of attacking the casino's owner, Xena decides that the best way to defeat a con artist is to run a bigger con of her own.
When Sheldon has his World of Warcraft account hacked and his character stolen from, the guys team up to discover out who did it.
When a breakout of headlice hits South Park Elementary, Mrs Garrison refuses to say which child brought the plague to the school.
When an alien attaches itself to B'Elanna's nervous system, the Doctor enlists the help of a holographic recreation of an expert.
Now, Angel and the gang have to stop a group of evil puppets from stealing the souls of children and return Angel back to normal.
Later, Willow and Dawn decide to go out for a movie, but will Willow be able to keep Dawn safe, or has her addiction gone to far?
They accidentally pass through a time hole and appear on Earth in modern times, but where everything is running in reverse order.
While her apartment is being fixed due to a flood, Amy decides to move in with Sheldon, who sees this as a scientific experiment.
Meanwhile, Howard and Bernadette find out that Raj knows what sex their baby is and they wonder whether or not they want to know.
Painful memories of her son in mortal danger and Doctor Greene's heroic attempts to save him are triggered during the experience.
To make matters worse, a trio of slacker sorcerers summon a demon to rob the bank for them just as Buffy is trying to get a loan.
Richie persuades Howard to buy a car that Fonzie is selling, but his amorous plans hit the skids when he hears that it is stolen.
With the impending arrival of Dee's baby, the guys try to figure out who the father is by having a party for all her past flings.
Looking for some extra protection from the Gods, Xena decides to travel to the Underworld to steal Hade's helmet of Invisibility.
For his part, Mulder thinks answers may be found with a pair of dead roosters and a group of elderly chanters called the Calusari.
Rimmer decides that the brain-switching idea is a good one and he persuades Lister to loan him his body, promising to get him fit.
The two women go to a Midwestern air force base, hoping to prevent Eric from being court-martialed for being absent without leave.
After Mark saves a 16-year-old assault victim in a daring rescue, he tries to convince the boy to leave the streets for a shelter.
He is knocked out and lies on the floor awaiting the inevitable when the Grim Reaper appears and tells him that his time has come.
Buffy and the gang must find a way to stop this unseen menace, and determine why it seems to be centering its attacks on Cordelia.
Meanwhile Wesley uncovers a mysterious deal struck by Wolfram & Hart that threatens the secret Angel desperately wants to protect.
As the God of War, Ares, schemes to make Xena lead his army, the Warrior Princess meets a man claiming to be her long-lost father.
As the Maquis crewmembers begin to integrate themselves into the Starfleet crew, Voyager becomes trapped in a quantum singularity.
Frank puts in for a transfer, and after a broadcast goes out of Frank telling Margaret he's leaving, she decides to leave as well.
Back from Cup A' Joe, the A-Team opens its own restaurant to lure a ruthless loan shark who has other restaurant owners terrified.
Now fully human, Angel must decide how this will affect his relationship with Buffy and whether or not he can still be a Champion.
Spike offers his assistance in dealing with the monster, but Buffy and the gang are still a little uneasy about having him around.
Ross helps Rachel stake a claim to an apartment in his building, occupied by a woman, who only speaks Dutch on the verge of death.
The doctors suspect prejudice when an inordinate number of black casualties are brought in from a single unit, led by Major Weems.
Meanwhile, Charlie tries to convey his love for America by protesting while Dee attempts to reaffirm her goal of being an actress.
Dennis makes a movie spotlighting his erotic memoirs while Frank and Mac try to pass off Charlie as a gifted artist to make money.
Diane, angry at the implication that she couldn't hold a job anywhere but Cheers, leaves for better position and Norm leaves Vera.
The next night Angel manages to find a clue to the killer's location, and he races against time to prevent another innocent death.
With the help of an eager young Amazon Amarice and the initially reluctant Brutus, Xena shifts the balance of Roman power forever.
Grissom and Nick investigate the death of a book restorer while Catherine and Sara are called to the scene of a fatal train crash.
Meanwhile, a new nurse that arrived from Tokyo talks about a man she was involved with, and Margaret finds out it was her husband.
The CSI's investigate the two separate murders only to find a twist in the investigation that leads them in another new direction.
In a somewhat rebellious move after Howard and Marion won't let her go to Chicago for a concert, Joanie decides to become a model.
Joanie accepts an assistant teaching position at Patton High and immediately encounters trouble when a student has a crush on her.
Joanie is set to go on her first car date, so Fonzie and Richie show her how to counter any advances her date may make toward her.
But confusion about the instructions, and whether to count Mississippily lead to multiple doses on his front and none on his back.
Emily's demands get to be a little too much for Ross, and he tells her she's either got to trust him or their marriage won't work.
Rachel gives out her phone number to a guy and then regrets it later, worried about it interfering in her possibilities with Ross.
Lindsey McDonald is given an amazing bonus by his bosses at Wolfram & Hart,, a new hand to replace the one he lost fighting Angel.
Miles O'Brien unknowingly triggers an old and forgotten booby trap that releases a potentially fatal virus throughout the station.
Then Phoebe's old flame, David, The Scientist Guy, comes to town from Minsk for a few days, putting Phoebe's emotions in conflict.
Then, when a new group of demons shows up in town stealing items of a mystical nature, it appears that she may be right after all.
When Tara tries a spell to free them, she only makes the situation worse by accidentally releasing a demon trapped inside a sword.
Soon, however, it becomes apparent that Buffy, Willow, and Amy are themselves considered a part of the occult threat to Sunnydale.
Richie and Lori Beth have a fight and break up before going on a weekend trip where the band is backing up Leather and the Suedes.
However, their plans change when three young women stop by after their car breaks down, and Potsie invites them to stay the night.
He gets off on the wrong foot with Fonzie after he inadvertently empties his locker, insults him, and crashes into his motorcycle.
While she's in the hospital, Ross finds out she's fired, but he doesn't dare tell her, fearing it will cause another heart attack.
Ross points out that Phoebe's never been in a long term relationship, which freaks her out just as she leaves on a date with Mike.
He's watching porn when she arrives, but he changes the channel quickly, which makes her think he gets off to shark documentaries.
Stardate: Unknown Worf must choose between his people and the Federation when a civil war threatens to destroy the Klingon Empire.
Stardate: Unknown Bashir falls in love with a wheelchair-bound woman, who is unable to walk in Deep Space Nine's level of gravity.
Through his travels Oz has found a combination of charms, potions and meditation that allows him to avoid turning into a werewolf.
The CSI team investigates the murder of a man suffering from a congenital hypertrichosis, causing him to grow excessive body hair.
The Doctor's past has caught up with him, and now he must risk death to save the universe from the evil clutches of the Great One.
The Enterprise travels to a planet where a scientific team has killed themselves, except for the children, who begin to act oddly.
The arrival of a new batch of mail leaves Trapper depressed, and thinking of desertion, despite Hawkeye's efforts to dissuade him.
Ever since Miss Chokosondik's untimely demise at the end of the spring season, Stan, Kyle and Cartman have been without a teacher.
The conflict on Skaro reaches its apocalyptic apogee as Davros unleashes his fearsome creations on the seemingly victorious Thals,
Lister makes him think that he will burn the guitar but instead cuts a guitar-shaped hole in the back of the chest and burns that.
Chandler bumps into Susie Moss, a girl he knew in the fourth grade, whom he embarrased by lifting her skirt during the class play.
The gang tries to get out of paying a parking ticket that they received on the evening of the final game of the 2008 World Series.
The new evidence in the murder trial requires the reopening of the case and Eckley initiates an inquiry into Grissom and his team.
The Doctor and Jo arrive just in time to get involved in the conference to discuss Peladon's admission to the Galactic Federation.
The team must investigate the death of a police officer who died during a shootout leaving hundreds of bullets on the crime scene.
They also run into Mr Hankey, who has acquired a wife and kids since the boys saw him last, and they find him living in the sewer.
When Morris Fletcher approaches agents Doggett and Reyes with information related to Super Soldiers, they turn to the Lone Gunmen.
When Allison goes missing, Colin Biddle, who claims to be Allison's publishing liaison, try to convince her that nothing is wrong.
Meanwhile, Gates attempts to pull some strings to help out a homeless war veteran, and the interns continue to struggle in the ER.
With the possibility of contaminated morphine, the doctors at the 4077th administer placebos to the patients, which seems to work.
A Hollywood talent scout, needing a mechanic for his limousine, sees Fonzie at Arnold's and thinks he could be the next James Dean.
A Senate Candidate running for office, kills his campaign manager, by making it look like he was the target for the killers bullet.
A business supplies salesman in dire need of a heart transplant gathers his family around him in the ER as he prepares for the end.
Meanwhile an unbalanced woman wearing a tinfoil outfit at the front desk tries to warn people, including Nick of an alien invasion.
When Alex goes to the cult, she is imprisoned within, realizing that once someone enters the cult, they are never allowed to leave.
A new candidate for president, Senator Rafferty, has garnered much media attention with a ground-breaking speech about health care.
A bill to combat drought conditions in the western U.S. gives C.J. problems, particularly in dealing with lobbyist Clifford Calley.
It's a bad day for Abby, missing the still-absent Luka and unable to reach him by phone when Joe is brought to the ER after a fall.
A snoopy fan in Texas impersonates Jessica when she starts investigating a potential dog show scandal and Jessica is reported dead.
Sara and Greg with help from Grissom try to determine how the owner of a home was killed while his home was tented for infestation.
Corday is in trouble after her illegal organ donation procedure, facing dismissal and the loss of her license to practice medicine.
A wounded colonel's gun, a showpiece, disappears, and Hawkeye and B.J. play a hunch and bluff Frank, who has it, into returning it.
A writer living next to Mulder becomes obsessed with Scully and confesses to her that he is using her for a character in his novel.
A young Rimmer is told by his mother that he is in danger of being held back a year in school and it could change his life forever.
When an old Korean man is brought into camp for medical attention, he refuses surgery unless the spirits in the camp are exorcised.
After falling ill to what appears to be a repressed memory Tuvok must perform a mind-meld with Captain Janeway in order to survive.
After his single makes it onto the record charts, Chachi is invited to go on tour with the Beach Boys as one of their opening acts.
Alex seeks to prosecute a gang who terrorizes witnesses with arson, and attempts to murder firefighters responding to their blazes.
Angel tries to make Connor feel at home in the Hyperion, but Justine tries to convince him that Angel is guilty of murdering Holtz.
Jed struggles with his relapse as C.J., Kate, and Toby handle the repercussions of his illness on the progress of the China summit.
Rachel arranges for Phoebe to play after Stephanie, but Phoebe feels slighted because, unlike Stephanie, she won't be getting paid.
When Romano refuses to give him a more flexible schedule, Peter resigns and seeks a job at the clinic where Cleo is newly employed.
Meanwhile, Cartman does his best to retrieve a photo of him in that compromising position before too many people find out about it.
David Greene dies in his sleep, but not before giving Corday his late wife's pearl necklace and telling his son he is proud of him.
He remembers past Christmases in a series of flashbacks from earlier Christmas episodes, and decides to send his subordinates home.
Charlie begins to crack from the pressure of keeping Paddy's basement rat free so his friends decide to throw him a surprise party.
Charlie wants Mac to beat up the Waitress's new boyfriend, but what he doesn't know is that his friend is the one who's seeing her.
Chasing the vapour trail of Red Dwarf into a gas nebula, Starbug is taken over by a tractor beam which takes it to a space station.
He then decides to marry her and get a new job, leaving the school cafeteria to be run by other employees of South Park Elementary.
he's arrived at Korea to interview the staff of the 4077th Mobile Army Surgical Hospital because of its high 97% efficiency rating.
Naturally, the prime suspect is her lover and co-editor Sean Brantley, who spends a lot of time with the young girls he works with.
Deanna's mother pays a surprise visit to the Enterprise with even more surprising news, She plans to marry a man she has never met.
Carter screws up Benton's lecture when he realizes Benton's presentation materials were destroyed in his apartment building's fire.
However, Mulder discovers the culprit to be a simple man with a genetic deformity who may have the ability to alter his appearance.
For a report on Cultural Diversity, Cartman chooses to do one on Latinos in the arts with the help of a Jennifer Lopez hand puppet.
The General's visit provides him with a view of life at the 4077th M*A*S*H unit, camp hijinks, a poker game, and a surgery session.
Weaver makes a mistake on live television while demonstrating flu shots, inadvertently sticking two reporters with the same needle.
Buffy, Xander, Willow, Giles, Anya, Tara and Spike go to confront a true Hell God with the knowledge that they may not all survive.
and an elderly Russian woman is discovered dead in her apartment with her head in a gas stove, but Warrick thinks she was murdered.
Hawkeye volunteers to deliver the eulogy for a dead nurse that he briefly dated, and belatedly discovers her deep feelings for him.
Bob Russell crashes an Oval Office photo op with the governor of Pennsylvania, who's also another potential presidential candidate.
This year Stan, the boy with the red poof-ball hat, finds himself helping out a group of adorable critters that live in the forest.
It's December 23, and the holiday brings several visitors to the White House, Zoey comes home with her new French boyfriend in tow.
Jessica attends a lecture in Virginia given by Cassandra Hawkins, who is trying to clear the name of her ancestor, Samuel Pinckney.
When her new husband, Scott, turns up dead, the investigation reveals that he had been poisoned, and suspicion turns to Franchesca.
Joey gets bad reviews for his latest play and decides to quit show business, until his agent gets him an audition for a soap opera.
Everything is just about smoothed out when Ross realizes that Rachel is wearing the ring, and therefore must have said yes to Joey.
Jeanie discovers Benton's impending parenthood when Carla comes into the ER. Carter spends the entire day treating a hopeless case.
Their friends try to help by reminding them of their pasts together, which we see in the form of flashbacks from previous episodes.
Will reveals that in high school, he and Ross formed the I hate Rachel Green Club, and spread a rumor that she was a hermaphrodite.
Mulder and Scully search for a mysterious man with the power to heal, whose actions risk exposing the existence of aliens on Earth.
While there they encounter endless tricks and traps set by a ghostly couple who originally made a lovers suicide pact in the house.
Meanwhile, Joxer wrestles with the guilt of his first kill, and struggles with admitting his guilt to the son of the man he killed.
Norm gets arrested when he finishes the route for an ill Cliff, but Cliff refuses to back up Norm's explanation to the authorities.
Nurse Christine Chapel is reunited with her old fiance on Exo III, but the scientist has plans for Captain Kirk and the Federation.
Kyle and the rest of the boys bring in professional ghost hunters to see if they can put a stop to the poltergeists tormenting Ike.
Meanwhile, Howard finally decides to man up and do his fair share of the housework, but not without a little help from his friends.
They end up spending too much time together, until Richard discovers they view him as a father figure, rather than one of the guys.
Picard is forced to make a difficult choice when Wesley Crusher accidentally breaks a law on Rubicon III and is sentenced to death.
Rachel pleads with Luisa to let Ross keep Marcel, but it's only the threat of reporting her for shooting Phoebe that convinces her.
Monica's competative side comes out, she may have thrown a plate once during a Pictionary game, but she insists it was an accident.
Radar notices a number of tattoos on one of the wounded, and convinces himself that with a tattoo he will be irresistible to women.
Ray is accused by a former colleague of being part of the Doctor Jekyll serial murders the CSIs have been investigating for months.
Rebecca and Sam are trapped overnight in Robin Colcord's deluxe security apartment while the gang passes the time playing Monopoly.
Corday decides to back out of the Romano sexual harassment investigation after he threatens to expose her relationship with Benton.
Lister signs up the gang for the 'Canaries', thinking it is the prison choir and enticed by the list of privileges that go with it.
Roger Phillips, Marion's nephew, comes to Milwaukee to become an English teacher and the basketball coach at Jefferson High School.
Joey's agent, Estelle dies, but the gang doesn't want to tell him, because he's already upset about all the other changes going on.
Her horribly disfigured and partially decomposed face is a nightmare of blood, scabs and scars, as if she'd been shoved into a fan.
Neela withdraws from her residency program at the University of Michigan, knowing that she can't be licensed without an internship.
The TARDIS lands in the irradiated ruins of the old Kaled city and something is moving underneath the wasted surface of the planet,
While the crew takes some time off, four members from the species known as the Bynar work feverishly on the ship's computer system.
Eventually the Doctor discovers that the savage Yeti are robots, built by an alien Intelligence who has possessed one of the monks.
The Enterprise must escort an alien princess to her marriage to seal an interplanetary alliance, but she becomes attracted to Kirk.
However, Tokada refuses Walker's help wishing to handle it his way, but Walker must make sure he doesn't get Amy or himself killed.
The Vatican asks the Doctor to investigate a series of seeming suicides all occurring among readers of a blasphemous book, Veritas.
The camp tunes into the Army/Navy football game, only to be shelled and have an unexploded bomb land in the middle of the compound.
The crew of Blue Midget pick up a transmission from 1998's Children in Need, with Terry Wogan encouraging people to make donations.
The entire town of Sunnydale goes silent when a group of strange creatures called The Gentlemen appear and steal everyone's voices.
Leo contemplates a post-recovery job offer in the private sector before his nurse reminds him why he left there in the first place.
The real entertainment began on the Saturday with host Patrick Stewart, a self confessed Dwarfer, kicking off the festivities with,
Knights in armor bearing energy weapons are descending from space and starting a war that may not even belong to Earth's dimension,
Weaver prepares to call her birth mother, while she treats a man who was accidentally run over by his daughter while she was drunk.
When Gabrielle accidentally releases three Titans from centuries of captivity, she tricks them into believing that she's a Goddess.
When Hawkeye's father is notified that he's dead, he finds it's no easy matter either to get word to him or to establish otherwise.
When Illyria's powers become unstable and cause her to erratically jump through time, she learns that the gang intends to kill her.
When Sam finds it difficult to back away from Frasier's son, he decides to have one of his own-if only he can find the right mommy.
When a run-of-the-mill vampire seriously wounds Buffy with her own stake, she begins to obsess over the deaths of previous Slayers.
When a series of bizarre murders take place in a hospital's plastic surgery unit, Mulder finds a link to the four witches Sabbaths.
Donna represents the White House at a North Dakota state-party caucus whose goal is to remove the word North from the state's name.
A band of vicious bikers is given the go-ahead to take down one of their own when it's discovered that the guy is an undercover cop.
Pratt has his trial-by-fire when he has to handle the ER alone, juggling multiple traumas, teaching duties and a troublesome intern.
A high roller who spent the night with a woman he had just met is found dead on the loading dock of the casino where he was staying.
A man about to go on trial for arson and the murder of his wife and child seeks assistance from Grissom to help prove his innocence.
Lister finally agrees and they swap, but Rimmer is too busy being able to eat and drink to care about what he does to Lister's body.
A typical day in the life of Rosie's bar, complete with AWOL problem drinkers, a bound and gagged Winchester, and a gambling scheme.
Meanwhile, Mac and Dennis get into sport hunting and go after what some might consider to be the most dangerous animal in the world.
After Murdock is taken hostage by armed robbers, he and B.A. are named as accomplices and jailed until Decker can come and get them.
After a tornado rips through a prison camp, one of the inmates disappears from solitary confinement and the prison warden is killed.
and after teaching Sheldon how to let it go, Penny doesn't practice what she preaches when she learns something maddening about Amy.
At the same time, a special Sunday brunch is due to be served, following the donation of some eggs to the camp by a grateful farmer.
Angel and Spike return from England defeated, knowing that the ancient demon Illyria has completely taken over Fred's body and soul.
Arthur Dales summons Mulder and Scully to his holiday home in Florida where he is concerned over the disappearance of his neighbors.
The Slayer is back, but if her friends cannot get to her and snap her out of the daze she is in, they may lose Buffy all over again.
in retaliation for Shareef's death, a movie theater in Turkey is bombed, and eighty people, including American soldiers, are killed.
At Keppler's request Catherine uses a different approach to catch the killer, and in doing so she deceives the rest of the CSI team.
Their round-the-clock exploration of each other awakens dark energies in Lowell House, and it is up to the Scoobies to save the day.
Xena, in Callisto's form, makes her own bargain with Hades, to make things right but the only problem is, she has one day to fix it.
One of Phoebe's customer's dies on the massage table, and her spirit enter's Phoebe's body so she can attend to unfinished business.
Joey is hesitant to call Sarah for a second date, because during dinner she took some fries from his plate, Joey doesn't share food.
Cliff is thinking lawsuit after a dog bites him while delivering the mail, until he meets the dog's beautiful and cooperative owner.
Diane badgers a noted British marriage counselor into seeing her and Sam for a pre-nuptial session, then refuses to heed his advice.
During their battle, Faith manages to escape from Buffy, so Buffy forces Angel to drink her own blood to rid his body of the poison.
Everyone attends Joey's new musical, Freud! While there, Chandler meets a beautiful and exotic woman, Aurora, and begins dating her.
The tune is stolen from the b-side of a Norwegian song that didn't even win A Song For Norway but the lyrics are all their own work.
Five votes keep a very important gun-control bill from being passed and the staff has 72 hours to track down the errant congressmen.
Frank settles in as commanding officer, only to have a new one appointed over his head, one that, to his chagrin, fits in very well.
In August of 1997 Comedy Central premiered Cartman Gets an Anal Probe, the crudely animated episode that changed television forever.
Like the original Queeg, he is a maniacal beast who demands order and demands that the ship's regulations be followed to the letter.
In the Season 7 finale, Sheldon gets caught up in all the life-altering changes going on around him and considers a monumental move.
Rachel, relieved that she didn't cheat on Barry, returns home and find Barry in bed with another woman, their neighbor's dog walker.
Meanwhile, the Martian seed pods have begun to pop open on the Earth's surface, spreading a fungus that will wipe out all humankind.
In the series 12 opener, the crew find themselves on a science centre where villainous historical figures have been 'cured' of evil.
It's Career Week at Sunnydale High, and Buffy is faced with the reality that she has no future apart from her destiny as the Slayer.
Kirk and Spock must travel into the past in order to prevent a deranged McCoy from altering history, and eradicating their own past.
, Kryten wasn't rescued and the Cat race never existed Rimmer cannot bear being on his own and goes to convince Lister to come back.
London, 1963. Schoolteachers Ian Chesterton and Barbara Wright are perplexed by the behaviour of one of their pupils, Susan Foreman.
Mac sets out to challenge the validity of the union between a post-op Carmen and her husband on the claim that it is a gay marriage.
Mr Mackie has Intellilink installed at South Park Elementary, it causes myriad problems so he keeps upgrading it, but nothing helps.
Meanwhile a confrontation between Mrs Mulder and the CSM leads Mulder to the discovery of the only weapon which can kill the aliens.
Scully and Skinner go along with the investigation but are warned by Kersh that they will be fired if anything is said about aliens.
Joey takes it too far, and invents a character, Joseph, who has a wife and kids, and who causes quite a bit of trouble for Chandler.
Phoebe takes a job as a telemarketer and her first contact, Earl doesn't want to buy anything because he's planning to kill himself.
Everyone finds out and comes to his party, except Chandler, who gets stuck at the play, watching a bitter woman complain about life.
Richie, Postie, and Ralph are forced to go cruising for girls in Howard's DeSoto after Marion dents Richie's car at the supermarket.
Meanwhile the bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms has surrounded Mr Mackey's house, which they believe contains a suicide cult.
Stardate: Unknown The Enterprise hosts the negotiations for the rights to a newly discovered, stable wormhole to the Gamma Quadrant.
Stardate: Unknown Picard is captured and tortured by the Cardassians, while Riker tries to prevent a Federation attack on Cardassia.
Ted gets mixed up in a web of intrigue and double-cross when he bets the Parochial House heating budget on Chris, the burping sheep.
The A-Team discovers that an organized crime kingpin, believed to be dead, is behind the intimidation of several gas station owners.
The A-Team helps migrant workers to organize against a landowner that is forcing them to live and work under slave-labor conditions.
The CSI team is brought in to investigate a reality cooking show when contestants accidentally eat human flesh during a competition.
The CSIs investigate the gruesome murder of Lady Heather's estranged daughter, Zoe, who was found in the middle of the Vegas desert.
The gang watch a sappy love story aboard Starbug and Rimmer is disgusted at how the hero sacrificed his own happiness for his lover.
But what makes spectrox, the substance they battle to control, so valuable? And how far will the Doctor go to protect his companion?
The two go to the medical bay and are greeted by Lister, the same age he is now, introducing them to his twin boys, Jim and Bexley,,
Trapped on the Sense-Sphere, Ian is dying from the illness that has been killing the Sensorites and the Doctor tries to find a cure.
Eventually, Wesley theorizes that the only way to reverse the spell may be to kill a vampire, just as Angel realizes that he is one.
When Xena tries to help the Centaurs protect a sacred stone that contains their evil, she encounters someone from her past, her son.
While on an undercover first contact mission, Riker is captured by the xenophobic aliens, who believe he is a scout for an invasion.
While visiting San Francisco, Jessica reunites with thief-turned-insurance investigator Dennis Stanton and the two take in an opera.
Xena masquerades as a beauty pageant contestant to stop a saboteur, who is bent on destroying a peace treaty between three warlords.
He isn't exactly the most popular of men, so it's no surprise to anyone when he's found strangled with a wire cord in his motel room.
A dangerous new vampire named Spike comes to town, hoping to use the power of the Hellmouth to restore his love, Drusilla, to health.
A fake psychic conspires with an old friend, who debunks psychics to convince a secret government agency that he really is a psychic.
A transporter accident transforms Picard, Ro Laren, Guinan and Keiko O'Brien into small children who appear to be about 12 years old.
After the woman and her son end up mixed in a murder investigation, Jessica agrees to solve the case, but does so with a heavy heart.
Abbey is in New Hampshire with Liz Bartlet-Westin and they are awaiting the results of Doug Westin's campaign for a seat in Congress.
After a friend is murdered at a Caribbean resort, Jessica goes undercover as a famous wealthy recluse to get to the bottom of things.
However, he receives a letter from his mother saying that she's found Rosa and that she'll be coming to Arnold's next Saturday night.
An alien test pilot who has the capability of switching bodies manages to take Tom's place aboard Voyager in order to escape the law.
Angry with Lori Beth about her wanting him to wear a Humpty Dumpty costume for a Homecoming parade, Richie goes to a bar to be alone.
As a gang of demon bikers attack, the Scooby Gang is chased away from Buffy's gravesite thinking that the resurrection was a failure.
She resists, but her father insists that she come back with them before the family curse turns her into a demon on her 20th birthday.
Broadway legend Rita Bristol and her daughter star in a musical produced by her son, not knowing that murder is lurking in the wings.
Apparently, Buffy's temporary death at the hands of the Master was enough to activate the next Slayer, and she has come to Sunnydale.
Deb and Carter compete furiously for procedures after Benton tells them their books are due a week earlier than previously announced.
Diane is at first incredulous then furious when it becomes apparent that Sam and her old school chum find each other very attractive.
However the agents soon find out that Oliver could be the proof needed that the X Files has been searching for over the past 9 years.
Ensign Kim asks Tuvok to teach him Vulcan emotional control techniques when he falls in love with a holodeck character named Marayna.
The cat and mouse game with Crawford leads him through the musical world of movies, beginning the slowest car chase in movie history.
Lister thinks this is a godsend but Captain Hollister promptly arrests him and the others for stealing and then destroying a Starbug.
Hawkeye and Trapper prevent a GI from marrying a call girl who has TB, whilst trying to help a Korean soldier join his pregnant wife.
When a new arrival, in a strange language, is scanned, Moloch is released into the computer, and into every computer connected to it.
In Victorian Yorkshire, the Doctor and Clara investigate a series of strange deaths where the corpses are left with glowing red skin.
In order for Jenny to join the Rondells, a popular club, she has to steal a statue from Pfister Park and bring it to their clubhouse.
Everyone in camp is donating at 48-hour intervals when a truckload of Turkish soldiers arrives to offer their blood and save the day.
Also included are highlights of a reunion softball game played by members of the cast as well as a cast reunion at Arnold's Drive-In.
An additional irritant to Hawkeye is the arrival of Doctor Borelli, a wisecracking medical advisor with whom he habitually disagrees.
Rachel's starting to date again, which prompts Ross to interfere, until she makes it clear that they are never going to get together.
Kelly's father is convinced that Woody has blackmail on his mind when Woody sees Mr Gaines in a romantic act with his brother's wife.
Romano warns a guilt-stricken Kovac not to admit to Rick's grieving mother that his miscalculation caused her son's vegetative state.
Kryten seems to calm down as they tuck into the lobster but Lister asks for a little ketchup to 'pep it up' and Kryten blows his top.
Luka treats a man with a failing heart, and later must make heartbreaking decisions concerning the man's Alzheimer's-stricken father.
Mulder talks Scully into investigating a haunted house on Christmas Eve where several couples have met their fate on that very night.
Norm fears Vera may be having an affair with his neighbor and Sam wastes his time as a radio sports commentator apologizing to Diane.
The finding is entirely more perplexing since the successive killer accountable for earlier related miniature crimes is now deceased.
Radar writes home to his mother, as Hawkeye conducts the camp foot inspection, and Colonel Potter gets some shrapnel in his backside.
In an attempt to lessen the effects of the alcohol they will consume, they each drink several cartons of milk and a sip of olive oil.
Sam treats a mother whose family was in a car accident and a 16-year-old pregnant girl whose boyfriend loaned her out to his friends.
Searching for the sixth segment, the Doctor and Romana land in the midst of a brutal nuclear war between the planets Atrios and Zeos.
Sometime in the 25th century, the Doctor and his friends land on the planet Dido and happen across a spaceship that has crash-landed.
Stan, Kyle and Cartman want Kenny back so badly, well, his winning ticket stub for a free candy shopping spree, they'll try anything.
Stanley Keyworth revisits the White House to uncover the reason Bartlet hasn't been able to sleep since the night of the Iowa caucus.
Stardate: Unknown The crew of the Enterprise finds android parts that are identical to Data's while they are exploring his homeworld.
Still on her psych rotation, Abby treats a young mother having seizures caused by bad memories of losing a child eight years earlier.
The CSI team is called in to investigate a bomb suddenly going off, killing a racing truck driver while he's in the middle of a race.
The Doctor activates the Nemesis and tries to outmanoeuvre the Cybermen and Peinforte as they vie for control of the ultimate weapon.
In fact he's accidentally lent it out to graduate student Chris Parsons, who soon realises that this is an extraordinary text indeed.
Only the Doctor realises that Zaroff is mad, and that his plan to raise Atlantis will in fact result in the destruction of the Earth.
The Enterprise's newest passenger is a young man, what they don't know is that he has the power to make anything he thinks of happen.
The Doctor tries to negotiate a truce between the two sides, a situation complicated by the fact that a Ganger of himself now exists.
The Time Lords are eager to dispense quick justice and the Doctor must race agains the clock to discover the truth, and an old enemy.
However, Preslin faces persecution at the hands of the Catholics, and the Doctor thus comes up with a scheme to get him out of Paris.
With the aid of the savage Tetraps, the Rani has conquered this planet to allow her to continue her depraved biochemical experiments.
The discovery of a micro-wormhole leading to the Alpha Quadrant allows the crew to communicate with a skeptical and paranoid Romulan.
At the morgue, a freak accident involving a bottle of Worcestershire occurs, and next thing you know Kenny is a member of the undead.
Ross writes the questions, game show style and eventually the stakes are raised, If the girls win, the chick and the duck have to go.
The planet Argolis, around the year 2290. The Argolins live in a huge shielded city, protected from the irradiated wasteland outside.
The terrified eyes and cryptic words of a murder victim haunt Sara while she processes the house where several showgirls were killed.
Though they've no jurisdiction there, Walker and Trivette go to Mexico to help Walker's former partner escape from Mexican criminals.
Trapper is shipped home while Hawkeye is on R&R. Hawkeye speeds to Kimpo with Radar to catch Trapper's plane, but they just miss him.
Evidence takes the form of recordings of the Doctor's recent adventures, beginning with his visit to the mysterious world of Ravalox,
However, the group is seperated, and by the time Trivette and Cat reach said destination, they've got a nasty surprise awaiting them,
Walker's idea for a boot camp for young offenders comes under heavy opposition from a senator who thinks prison is the only solution.
Wesley Corman, a dentist who prefers gambling to his wealthy wife, decides to kill her movie-star lover and frame her for his murder.
When Amy is kidnapped as bait in a trap, the Doctor declares war on those responsible and assembles an army of allies to recover her.
When Cordelia decides that she cannot stand her roach-infested apartment for one more day, Doyle offers to help her find a new place.
When Raj's sister has a one-day layover he forbids the others from hooking up with her, unaware she and Leonard already did long ago.
When Trivette's old girlfriend get his help to locate her father, and then kills him, the investigation lead to a Jamaican drug gang.
When a brilliant scientist fakes his own death and is then murdered, Jessica sets the record straight when the wrong man is arrested.
With the X-Files closed, Scully has been assigned as an instructor at the FBI Academy while Mulder is doing menial surveillance work.
However, the crew is in such a low state of morale that when they encounter a Jem'Hadar warship, they enter a battle for their lives.
A getaway to Los Angeles for a writer's convention becomes deadly as Jessica tries to solve the murder of a former Soviet KGB officer.
After becoming the hunted prey of the vicious Horde, Xena must lead the local army against them, while Gabrielle tends to the wounded.
In this episode, Captain Jack Harkness storms back into the Doctor's life, and the TARDIS is thrown to the end of the universe itself.
The meld takes them back to when Tuvok was a junior science officer aboard the USS Excelsior under the command of Captain Hikaru Sulu.
After quitting their job due to Frank's continuing interference, Dennis and Dee decide to seek alternative income by going on welfare.
After the near-nuclear disaster at the power plant the polls show surprising, or maybe not so surprising, results for both candidates.
Al is chosen to head the Leopard Lodge's annual Poobah Doo Dah when he says he can get his distant cousin, Frankie Avalon, to perform.
Anya convinces an unsuspecting Willow to assist her with a spell that will return her amulet and, with it, her Vengeance Demon powers.
Carla insists that Sam should hire an older woman to replace Diane but she doesn't reckon on Sam's attraction to the woman's daughter.
Cartman comes into possession of a truckload of fetuses that he can't sell thanks to a recent government ruling on stem cell research.
Catherine is called in by a pornographic-film developer to view graphic footage from a snuff movie in which a woman is brutally slain.
On course for Gallifrey, the Doctor and his companions unexpectedly land on Alzarius, where a fifty-year old legend is coming to life,
The Doctor, Sarah and Harry arrive on board to find the station suffering from mysterious damage and some manner of creature at large,
Dennis asks the gang to work at Paddy's during Valentine's Day, but they get distracted by a mystery cricket hanging out in the alley.
Drusilla has turned Darla back into a vampire, and Angel must catch them before she rises again and the two go back to their old ways.
Sisko cancels his engagement with Kasidy, but shortly changes his mind and marries her despite further warning from the Sarah Prophet.
Toby asks his ex-wife, a Congresswoman, for her help in strongly persuading Seth Gillette to participate in the Social Security panel.
Eudora admits she stole Jessica's notes, but denies poisoning the apples she brought or murdering the detective who was following her.
Facing a deadline for the school paper, Richie tries to get a photo of Clarabell the clown, from The Howdy Doody Show, without makeup.
Gabrielle wants to enter the Athens City Academy of the Performing Bards, but finds that it is not quite what she thought it would be.
In the final battle against Hope, Gabrielle sacrifices herself to keep Xena from dying as a repercussion of Ares' deal with the Fates.
Greene takes the day off to care for his dying father but ends up in the ER anyway where the older Greene is diagnosed with pneumonia.
Brass reopens a woman's accidental-death case after spotting the deceased's husband in a flashy new car with a trophy date on his arm.
The latest slaying matches Millander's previous killings in that it recreates his father's murder, which Millander witnessed as a boy.
Henry wants Tuttle to be officer of the day, so Hawkeye creates a fake personnel file, and all his back pay is given to the orphanage.
In 1418, a group of Italian priests use magick to trap the demon Moloch in a book, only to be released if the book is ever read aloud.
In an effort to find some closure in breaking up with Wendy, the boys take Stan to Raisins(a junior Hootersso he can forget about her.
Irritated that the 4077th is planning a surprise party for him, Hawkeye volunteers to go to the aid of a wounded surgeon at the front.
Meanwhile, in order to stop Buffy from interfering in his plans, Spike sends four deadly assassins to ensure the Slayer has no future.
Jeanie begins to realize the burden of living an HIV-positive life when bills start mounting up and Benton throws her out of a trauma.
When she investigates the murder of Adam Cosgrove, she soon discovers that no one seems to want to admit he's missing, let alone dead.
However, she sees him sweet-talking another girl, breaks up with him, and is faced with not having a date for her sweet-sixteen party.
when his coworkers find out it's Rachel and that she's not looking for a serious relationship, they all bribe Chandler to set them up.
He is expecting a letter, he's worried his wife Jean at home is leaving him for another man, She's probably off with some rodeo rider.
Kryten rescues a female droid called Camille who he falls in love with, even though droids aren't supposed to have feelings like that.
Kyle feels guilty for the tension between the boys and the girls, but Butters brings his gender together to stand up for their rights.
Luka and Abby treat a man injured after driving drunk, but differ about what should be done when his wife appears to have been abused.
Abby cares for a couple with injuries resulting from an unusual ceremony as well as a fortune-teller with a prediction for her future.
Margaret has trouble pretending she's a chip off the old block when her dad, blood and guts Howitzer Al Houlihan, arrives for a visit.
Arnold unwittingly tells Howard that Marion has been at Arnold's early in the morning with another man, and Howard becomes suspicious.
Monica, on her way to apologize to Chandler, finds a chip on the floor and places a bet at a craps table, and starts a winning streak.
They find out that there is more to the story of the mysterious death of the child's mother who apparently stabbed herself repeatedly.
Morgan, Sara and Finlay try to relax at a forensics conference, but their getaway is disrupted by a mass shooting that occurs on site.
Mulder pursues Krycek, not knowing about the alien that has taken over his body, to get back the DAT tape containing the MJ Documents.
Alex's dad Steve shows up, but when Frank tells Luka that Steve is wanted in Colorado, Luka talks Steve out of leaving town with Alex.
Parisian slave-labor sweatshops provide the setting for the crimes, and the pretentious world of fashion is where Jessica solves them.
Phoebe and Joey set up Rachel on Ross on terrible blind dates, in hopes that they'll realize by comparison how good they are together.
This leads to Chandler's discover that the people at the office don't like him anymore, and they even mimic his unique way of talking.
Rebecca offers to housesit for one of the company executives and calls on Sam and Woody for help when the man's beloved dog runs away.
Roscoe Jones, the minister who replaced Trent's father, is targeted by a former military comrade, now part of a white supremacy group.
Chandler and Monica, frustrated by the complexity of adoption, visit Phoebe's friends, Bill and Colleen who have an adopted son, Owen.
Sam initiates a feud with the new owner of Melville's, the restaurant upstairs when snobbish restaurateur John Hill buys the building.
Sam meets one of Diane's intense friends, who has her parents over to meet Sam, their future son-in-law, hours after their first date.
Carter shows Kem the city and proposes they move into a townhouse he bought for them, but she leaves to go back to Africa for a while.
The staff prepares to stay, still not having a confirmation on whether it is smallpox or not, and the lockdown continuing as a result.
Sheldon goes crazy trying to figure out the name of the song he can't get out of his head, much to the annoyance of Leonard and Penny.
Meanwhile, Leonard and Howard sneak off to see a preview of Suicide Squad, leaving their wives to work on a project they were busy on.
Singer Rick James asks the A-Team to help old rock-and-roll legend C.J. Mack, whose life in prison has suddenly become very dangerous.
Instead of losing that battle yet again, Cartman leads the Confederate players to victory, while they drink plenty of S'more Schnapps.
Stan's addicted to a new app marketed by Terrance and Phillip, but the duo find that all the money they're making can't buy happiness.
Stardate: Unknown Picard suspects a large-scale conspiracy when he witnesses strange behavior among Starfleet's high ranking officers.
Stardate: Unknown Commander Riker participates in an officer exchange program which lands him an assignment on a Klingon Bird-of-Prey.
Stardate: Unknown Picard must find a way to communicate with the Tamarians who, he learns, speak entirely in metaphors from mythology.
Stardate: Unknown Lt Barclay's fear of using transporters is eerily justified when he sees bizarre aliens within the transporter beam.
Stardate: Unknown Picard and Riker covertly work together in an attempt to find out why the criminals are looting archaeological digs.
Meanwhile, an anomaly appears in the past and present in the Neutral Zone that piques the interest of both Starfleet and the Romulans.
Stardate: Unknown Gul Dukat asks for the assistance of Kira to help him track down a Klingon ship that destroyed a Cardassian Outpost.
She discovers that an official investigation has been launched into her being an angel of mercy and the police will be contacting her.
It's up to the Doctor and his friends to prove the truth and free the colonists from a slavery they don't even know they're suffering.
The boys get a new video game system and plan to play it for the entire weekend, but their plan is interrupted when they meet Towelie.
Lister gets up and decides to sacrifice his life, because otherwise when it finishes with him, it'll move on to Kochanski and the Cat.
The deaf daughter of an Elvis impersonator witnesses a murder, necessitating the Rangers' protection until the suspect is apprehended.
Sarah and Greg investigate the death of a John Doe killed by a modified semi automatic weapon, which goes off accidentally in the lab.
Also, being two CSI's short, Ecklie hires a new CSI, Riley Adams, and a counselor comes in to help everyone deal with Warrick's death.
Trapped aboard a diseased ship, the Doctor and his companions must find a away back to the TARDIS. But Nyssa is beginning to fall ill.
Benton panics when Roger reveals that he can't find Reese, it turns out that Jackie picked him up from school after he got in a fight.
Benton struggles to get a young med student applicant an interview after learning that he was only accepted due to affirmative action.
When Cordelia flaunts her sure win for Homecoming Queen it awakens the prom queen within Buffy and the two vie brutally for the title.
With some help from the other kids of South Park, they risk everything when they break in to the Sea Park and steal him from his tank.
When the evil Amazon Velasca eats Ambrosia she becomes the Goddess of Chaos, and wants to make her first Godly task killing Gabrielle.
When he has a dream that Rimmer returns and he and Rimmer kiss, Kryten tries some psychology to get to the bottom of Lister's problem.
The aliens find the kids by using the satellite dish, Ike escapes the mothership, and Cartman is taken away, only to be ejected later.
Xena, critically injured in battle, relives her past with Julius Caesar and we learn about her mentor M'Lila who taught her the pinch.
A package for Morris from his deceased father is delivered to the ER. Sam has some anxiety over Alex being removed from the ventilator.
The count-down finishes, and Lister receives his milkshake and choc bar from the vending machine as there is no bomb on board the ship.
Buffy and the gang decide that they must do something before someone less impervious to injury gets in her way and gets seriously hurt.
A team of archaeologists explore the planet Telos, the home of the Cybermen, to excavate the tombs of the long-extinct cybernetic race.
Later, Luka and Clemente argue over style and practice, leading Luka to put his name in as a candidate for Chief of Emergency Medicine.
Mulder believes that the basic blue-collar assignment is punishment, but on Skinner's own admission what he discovers is a true X-File.
Ace decides to save the day and locks Kryten and Lister in the hold, where they will be safe, while he and Dwayne go after the Emohawk.
Xena and Gabrielle must battle Alti on the Spiritual Plane to prevent her rebirth and save Xena's child from Alti's destructive powers.
An appearance in traffic court comes at the worst possible time for Sheldon-the same day Stan Lee is appearing at the comic book store.
He then gains control over her and uses her abilities to steal a shuttlecraft and return to his home world to attempt a political coup.
Wesley and Gunn search for a way to free Cordy from the castle, while Angel and Lorne get a very cold reception from the Deathwok Clan.
West Wing staffers are watching the results roll in while Charlie tries to get C.J. to start thinking about life after The White House.
after the entire speechwriting staff quits, Will is forced to rely on Elsie and some inexperienced interns to write tax policy remarks.
Meanwhile, Wesley is faced with a crisis of loyalties when the Watcher's Council offers a chance at reinstatement if he gives up Faith.
Doctor Corday proposes radical changes in scheduling at an M&M conference, and later decides to break off her relationship with Benton.
Cartman inherits one million dollars, which allows him to fulfill the dream of owning his own amusement park that he calls Cartmanland.
Everyone is buzzing with rumors of Richard's young new girlfriend, also known as his twinkie in the city . Monica hides in the bathtub.
Carter believes that Doyle is giving Anna special treatment when Anna is assigned all the interesting cases while he is stuck suturing.
During Winter Solstice, Xena and Gabrielle visit a town where its Scrooge-like king has deemed that celebrating the holiday is a crime.
First, the reform mayor dies in an accident and then the mayor's father is murdered after he demands an investigation of the accident .
It tells the story of how Xena and Gabrielle learn from the Fates that Xena must die for Eve to set the twilight of the Gods in motion.
While Potter writes home, Frank and Hot Lips have a wood carving made for him, and Radar rescues a horse and makes him a present of it.
Meanwhile the boys want to purchase some Terrance and Phillip dolls and to get the funds they enter Cartman into a bull riding contest.
Meanwhile, the Syndicate suspects that they have a traitor in their midst and plan a trap which results in X being executed by the CSM.
A lot of people had good reason to want Tyler dead, but Molly is the only one who is found to have the murder weapon hidden in her car.
Joey goes fishing and comes back smelly, and doesn't get a chance to shower before he goes to work on a new movie with Charlton Heston.
The computer eventually concedes that Rimmer should not have been held accountable for the deaths and releases him due to incompetence.
But how is it linked to the signal the TARDIS received? Why is Turlough suddenly so worried? And why is Kamelion acting so erratically?
Weaver eventually caves, albeit before telling Carter that he must fire three senior nurses by the next morning to make up the expense.
Since it is too late,, they cannot stop the thawing process,, they decide to travel to the prison colony that the ship was heading for.
Ross sees Chandler flirting with the pizza girl, Caitlin and decides he's going to turn on the charm as well, with disasterous results.
Rachel, back from Greece and angry about the bad choices she's made recently, gives decision making control of her love-life to Monica.
Monica doesn't want to host Thanksgiving until Phoebe suggests that she see it as a competition with herself, to top her previous year.
The occasion causes C.J. to check into Kate Harper's past with the C.I.A., but she is unaware of a past encounter between Kate and Leo.
Norm tries to make points with the boss by planning the annual office party at Cheers and arranging for Diane to be the old man's date.
Odo must get a cloned Weyoun, who wishes to defect, back to Deep Space Nine without their runabout being destroyed by Jem'Hadar troops.
On the night of a full moon a student is found savagely mauled in the woods, and the gang worry that Oz may have escaped from his cage.
One of the boys had been told time and time again about leaving the toilet seat up after he goes to the bathroom, but he didn't listen.
In this 13th season premiere, watch as he leads the CSI team on a dangerous hunt to discover her whereabouts and attempt to rescue her.
Raj and Howard double-date and the latter is flushed with embarrassment after Raj's girlfriend reveals a secret she knows about Howard.
Red Dwarf Universe Challenge, Presented by Bamber Gascoigne, the cast took on the fans in a question-and-answer session about the show.
Scully finds her career with the FBI in jeopardy as Mulder is still missing and The Cigarette Smoking Man is pursuing the stolen files.
When an overdue Luka returns briefly from a remote clinic, we learn he's having a cozy relationship with French-Canadian nurse Gillian.
As Captain Janeway and the Doctor try to come up with a way to help her, Icheb realises he may have to take matters into his own hands.
Sheldon plans a huge birthday surprise for Amy while Leonard, Raj and Howard take Wil Wheaton with them to see the new Star Wars movie.
Stardate: Unknown Riker and Troi's shore leave on Betazed is interrupted when they are unexpectedly joined by Deanna's mother, Lwaxana.
Stardate: Unknown While en route to Risa for shore leave, Geordi is abducted by the Romulans and brainwashed into becoming an assassin.
As a result, the crew thinks they are dead and make arrangements for their funerals, even though they are closer than the crew realise.
Stardate: Unknown Data abducts Picard, Troi and Geordi and holds them prisoners of the Borg, while he derives pleasure from being evil.
Stardate: Unknown Kai Winn, Bajor's spiritual leader has aspirations of also becoming First Minister of Bajor's Provisional Government.
Stardate: Unknown Sisko and Garak lure the Romulans into the Dominion war in order to get them to join the Federation/Klingon Alliance.
end up being crammed in a plane along with every other priest who has appeared in their lives after a visit to the Shrine of Kinlettle.
The 4077th plays host to kids bombed out of their orphanage, and at the same time has to deliver a baby and care for battle casualties.
The CSI's are called in to investigate a murder of a man at a local casino, they close the entire building in order to find the killer.
The CSI's attend the gala grand opening of a mob museum, only to witness an attempted hit on mob lawyer and former mayor Oscar Goodman.
In fact, each empire has brought components or technology which the Daleks require to construct the ultimate weapon, a Time Destructor.
Mentiads, a deranged Captain, strange omens, miraculous mines, what does it all mean? And what does it have to do with the Key to Time?
After finding Clara, he realizes that there is nothing that he can do against Nature, and that the last days of humanity are at an end.
They discover that the company owning the station has decided to eliminate the organic component of their operation, the human workers.
Ordered by the White Guardian to collect the pieces of the omnipotent Key to Time, The Doctor, K-9 and his new assistant Romana arrive.
The boys attend the last American performance of Cirque du Cheville, and are entranced by the Vladchik Contorting Romanian Quintuplets.
The adults are concerned about the odd behavior of the children, who have started speaking in Japanese and resembling anime characters.
The metrosexual fad has hit South Park thanks to the Queer Eye Guys, and all the men in town are affected, except for Kyle and his Dad.
Meanwhile, Voyager secretly trails two Hirogen ships as they attempt to track and hunt down the holograms, in order to rescue B'Elanna.
When this woman is revealed to be Sisko's real mother, an old necklace of hers leads Sisko to look for the Bajoran Orb of the Emissary.
Richard shows up at Monica's restaurant and tells her he still loves her, leading Monica struggling with what she wants for her future.
Voyager is forced out of warp by the detection of a dangerous and powerful particle, called Omega, that has the power to join subspace.
While the Doctor finally gets to visit Metebelis Three, Jo and UNIT investigate a spate of strange deaths near Global Chemicals' plant.
When Terry Rivers barrels into the opposing team's goalie, a fight breaks out and Terry ends up at the bottom of a huge pile of bodies.
When the Enterprise brings aboard Klingon prisoners, an alien entity pits both sides against each other in an ever-escalating struggle.
While re-fitting Voyager's systems with newly traded weapons, Seven of Nine claims to have been assaulted by Kovin, the weapons dealer.
Believing them to be on a humanitarian mission, Harry convinces Janeway to allow him to captain the medical transport to its homeworld.
Amy notes that she would be the perfect roommate for Sheldon since she knows him so well and he wouldn't have to break in someone else.
Hawkeye and Trapper trick them both into thinking that Burns is a traitor, one thinks he's a fascist, the other thinks he's a communist.
A look back at the series, showing some of the shows' best moments and a look behind the scenes of the filming of the last ever episode.
A mysterious female alien contacts Voyager, claiming to be Ensign Lyndsay Ballard, who had been killed on an away mission years earlier.
When Angel is captured and forced to fight in the arena can he survive long enough to find a way to free himself and the other captives?
The crew rushes to prevent another brutal attack, unaware that Wesley has already been infected,, and he's alone in the hotel with Fred.
Benton treats Jesse's girlfriend, who talks to the cops about Jesse's killers and later comes to him for help after a hit is put on her.
Meanwhile, Corday treats a family of patients who, while building a snowman, were severely injured after being struck by a truck driver.
After initially being reluctant to go through with it, Howard agrees to have a second wedding where he and Marion will renew their vows.
Colonel Potter becomes obsessed with winning the game, and excludes Margaret from the team because she helped the team lose at softball.
After the Asian children start painting yaoi art of Tweek and Craig in a relationship, everyone thinks Tweek and Craig are a gay couple.
After travelling through countless realities, Commander 'Ace' Rimmer returns to the Red Dwarf crew to ask a favor of his alternate self.
Amanda Lee's obsession with Doctor Greene comes to a head when Mark inadvertantly digs up old med school records damaging to her career.
As Li H'Sen Chang works to secure the time cabinet, Leela pursues and investigates his master, the mysterious and murderous Weng-Chiang.
As the Cybermen invade London, the Doctor must make a final decision concerning Missy, and decide what sacrifices he is willing to make.
Meanwhile, Sunnydale High is even more dangerous than usual as students and staff begin spontaneously reliving an old Sunnydale tragedy.
B.J. writes home to his wife, Peg, reporting Klinger's escape attempts, the visit of a formidable chaplain, and one of Frank's goof-ups.
Leo continues his efforts to get the President to support the missile shield, defense system, even though the shield doesn't quite work.
Charles returns to the 4077th after a trip to Tokyo with an uncharacteristic hangover and the uneasy feeling of a romantic entanglement.
Discovering that Leonard, Raj, and Howard fudged the results of his Arctic research expedition, a disgraced Sheldon heads home to Texas.
England, 1925. A case of mistaken identity leads to the TARDIS crew attending a cricket match and masked ball at stately Cranleigh Hall.
In order to gain an insight into the killer's mind, she calls on the experiences of self-professed murder and a past host of Dax, Joran.
Frasier takes the guys on a trip to rediscover the inner man while the gals discover Carla's cousin Frankie when he fills in at the bar.
Hawkeye goes to help at an aid station, and under heavy shelling he draws up a will, leaving various items to his friends at the 4077th.
Hawkeye wagers that he can go a full day without a wisecrack, and Winchester finally confronts the colonel who exiled him to the 4077th.
The clock is ticking as the boys struggle to reunite the fartastic duo, and recruit them in time for South Park's Earth Day festivities.
Fortunately a pair of fake rubber arms and a remote-controlled wheelchair put our lads in with a chance of beating Dick Byrne this year.
Jessica decides to try to help the young man who, although she believes is a liar and a con artist, she does not believe to be a killer.
Jessica goes to the races to watch her niece ride the winning horse but then the horse's disagreeable owner is murdered after a dispute.
Jessica's niece is terrorized with reminders of her dead husband on a cruise intended to take her mind off her husband's recent suicide.
Rachel's worried that there's something developing between Ross and Jill, but somehow ends up actually encouraging Jill to ask Ross out.
Unfortunately his presence leads hundreds of infatuated middle-aged ladies to surround the house, and the usual hilarious mix-ups ensue.
When their plan is detected, Sisko is forced to evacuate the station and endorse the non-aggression pact between Bajor and the Dominion.
Mac and Dennis pretend to be friends with a patron that was found dead in their bar in order to win the affections of his granddaughter.
Her only hope of salvation lies with the man who has haunted her dreams since childhood, a mysterious stranger known only as the Doctor.
Needing money to get tickets to a big football game, Richie, Potsie, and Ralph decide to babysit 15 children on the night of Mardi Gras.
Back in Washington, Leo forces Josh to intercede with an old friend leading a protest against Navy arms testing at Vieques, Puerto Rico.
Phoebe and Mike, stunned by the expenses involved with a wedding, decide they'll get married in City Hall and give the money to charity.
As the day continues, Doctor Peter Benton operates on a patient with an aortic aneurysm, a procedure normally performed by senior staff.
Potter's attempts to assemble the crew for a family portrait are thwarted by a feud between bunkmates Pierce, Hunnicutt, and Winchester.
Ross and Rachel finally sit down for some wine, but before Ross can ask Rachel out, Barry barges in, saying he's still in love with her.
He and Chandler start a road trip but Chandler lets slip that he doesn't think this is Joey's big break, and gets kicked out of the car.
Chandler, already feeling guilty about revealing Ross's feelings to Rachel, now feels worse that he encouraged Ross to forget about her.
Radar gets the help of Hawkeye and B.J. to procure something Colonel Potter says he's fond of, but that's hard to come by, tomato juice.
Richie and Potsie obtain fake identification cards in order to attend a burlesque show where Ralph says Bubbles McCall takes it all off.
Phoebe's pregancy prohibits travel and Rachel stays to take care of her, and to avoid the emotional strain of watching Ross get married.
Whoever the killer is he has a thorough knowledge of forensics, he purposefully has left evidence, and has baffled Grissom and his team.
Sam and Rebecca let their imaginations run free during a weekend of baby-making and dream up different versions of their future progeny.
Season Finale, Good samaritan Luka stops to help a woman with a dead battery, and comes to her aid when she is hit by a reckless driver.
Sheldon and Raj undertake an underground research expedition that turns into a test of how long before they get under each other's skin.
Someone sabotages a car at a regional stock-car race and attracts the A-Team's attention-the car belongs to an old friend of Hannibal's.
Stardate: Unknown The Enterprise takes up the call from the Federation to investigate a battle that has taken place in the Neutral Zone.
Stardate: Unknown A mysterious life form that calls itself Nagilum threatens the life of the crew in its attempt to understand humanity.
Stardate: Unknown Odo arrests a criminal from the Gamma Quadrant who offers to take him to his people on the other side of the wormhole.
Stardate: Unknown Earth has been placed under martial law and security troops have been deployed in anticipation of a Dominion invasion.
While Leo and other advisers try to cool off POTUS, C.J.scolds a wayward Sam over his potentially explosive private crusade with Laurie.
The A-Team intercedes when a union organizer tries to put a small logging operation out of business by burning down one of their trucks.
Because of her condition, she'd been hiding from the world, but it turns out that she's hiding facts that are vital to solving the case.
But in fact, he's not just a victim, he's also a double murderer, and he coolly hijacks the Medevac helicopter taking him to a hospital,
The CSIs dig to find the truth about how a recent shootout at a gun store might connect to a young woman who may have committed suicide.
The Chairman continues to use knowledge gained from his computer hacking to terrorize federal agents, and manages to keep Walker at bay.
Kate finally reaches Charles Frost and confronts him about what he told to C.J. and a few other things about his personality in general.
The Zygon shapeshifters on Earth begin a revolution to live with their true forms, and plan to conquer the planet to achieve their goal.
The men draw straws, and Hawkeye is the big loser, especially after Eddie nearly kills him in a scene resembling teenage mating rituals.
The Doctor arrives for the cryogenic interrment of an old friend at Tranquil Repose, a vast repository of bodies in suspended animation.
Near a graveyard of crashed starships, the demented surgeon Solon hides in his castle, the last acolyte of the Time Lord despot Morbius.
After his worst ever birthday party, Father Ted prays for deliverence from Father Stone, but a lightning strike wasn't what he expected.
Meanwhile, Dee and Frank resort to some drastic measures to stop Bruce Mathis from donating Barbara's money to a Muslim cultural center.
Josh and Sam try to set up a preemptive strike against Lillienfield, who is attacking Leo because of his prior drug and alcohol problem.
Two wounded police auxiliary officers present challenges in the ER. A recovering Neela settles in at Abby's and offers to help with Joe.
Buffy must find a way to stop him before she falls completely into his thrall, but his powers may be greater than even she can overcome.
When the CSI team investigates a case involving the world of domination, Grissom pays a visit to Lady Heather to help find some answers.
Abby's excitement over her pregnancy means no sleep for Luka, and they head out for a bit of early shopping, and some dressing-room fun.
Kira must find a way of preventing the Romulans from building weapons on the Bajoran moon where they claim they are building a hospital.
Tensions rise when Martok encounters Kor, who denied him officer status many years ago because Martok was descended from a common house.
Xander tries to use Valentine's Day to further his relationship with Cordelia, but she succumbs to peer pressure and breaks up with him.
Luka has an uneasy encounter with Curtis Ames at the hospital, and later Abby and Baby Joe have a chance encounter with Ames at the park.
At the scene, the CSIs discover that a recent parolee was on the bus, but is now unaccounted for, and that there's evidence of foul play.
When Columbo comes to the scene, the psychiatrist is very understanding when the police says that they may have to put his dogs to death.
The crew is elated when the message reveals that a new ship is waiting for them, that has the ability to bring them home in three months.
A series of indeterminate deaths test the deductive powers of the CSI team, who fear that a public health emergency may be in the offing.
Upon realizing that Butters has a tape of him making a fool of himself, Cartman keeps up the AWESOM-O charade in order to find that tape.
A young girl unexplainably disappears from her home and Mulder requests the case even though it is a full FBI matter, not just an X-File.
As the Bartlet administration prepares to transition into the Santos administration, C.J. must confront the choices affecting her future.
As the search for Mulder intensifies in the Arizona desert, Gibson Praise leads Scully to believe that she is truly closer to her target.
At work, Rachel writes a joke evaluation of Tag, full of sexual comments, which accidentally gets sent to the Human Resources department.
The other robber is finally able to make an escape from the store, and takes Carol with him, but he is shot running away from the police.
Chandler has to spend Christmas in Tulsa to get paperwork done, and realizes he's the only one in his group of Friends who hates his job.
General Paget, the owner of the facility, has become suspicious when a large amount of money seems to be going to a Special project fund.
The Doctor, who left her behind many years ago, has returned, and everything about him is different from the Doctor that Sarah remembers,
Distracted because he is making a real, human connection with Kate, Angel does not notice another young woman being lured out of the bar.
After seeing her mother there, B'Elanna risks her life to go back and save her mother's soul from this fate, even at the cost of her own.
A fire in Phoebe and Rachel's apartment means they'll have to stay with their friends for a few weeks, one at Monica's and one at Joey's.
He enlists her help in getting a critically burned Iraqi girl lined up for surgery in Chicago and heads for the U.S. with 72 hours leave.
Gallons of coffee, very little sleep, a twisted sense of humor and too many paper cuts to count, three months later, South Park was born.
After initially rejecting her request, Sheldon stays to take care of Amy the way his mother took care of him, sometimes a bit intimately.
fears of a terrorist attack arise when a truck carrying depleted uranium-fuel rods is involved in a head-on collision in an Idaho tunnel.
In Africa, Xena and Gabrielle attempt to help unite a tribe that worships them with a rival tribe against their common enemy, the Romans.
In an attempt to help Fonzie move on after his break-up with Ashley, Potsie, Chachi, and Roger take him on a retreat to a singles resort.
In only 12 hours, a pressured Luka must coordinate the emergency closure of the ER, and the team rallies to make provisions for patients.
Feeling that she missed out on a lot as a teenager due to having to wear a brace for her scoliosis, Dee begins dating a high school jock.
The first of the series' 60-minute special episodes, Welcome to Korea has since been divided into two half-hour episodes for syndication.
The names they had in mind don't sound right to Rachel anymore, so Monica lets her use a name she had planned for her own daughter, Emma.
The student promises Joanie that she'll make changes in her life, but she immediately takes several pills after everyone has gone to bed.
Phoebe's new romance with Jake makes Monica realize that once she's married, she'll never have another first kiss or be with anyone else.
The Cowboy offers to fly Henry to Seoul and then threatens to shove him out! The letter finally arrives for Cowboy, assuring he is loved.
Klinger redecorates his quarters, but the resultant ridicule he receives drives him to new heights in his efforts to get out of the Army.
Leo tries to make Ainsley's arrival as painless as possible, despite resistance from her new boss and several other White House staffers.
Lewis has a rough day, Chuck proposes having kids with her, she misses an appointment with an auditor, and Ben Hollander commits suicide.
Meanwhile, Charlie accompanies Dee to the nursing home to visit her grandfather as she struggles with a debilitating fear of the elderly.
Chandler gets offered an unpaid internship at Steve's agency, which might mean he and Monica need to postpone having a child for a while.
Mulder is thrown in jail at the Area 51 compound but is released when it is discovered that the flight data recorder he stole was a fake.
Scully comes to her senses and realises that the Mulder she sees isn't who he really is and heads back to Nevada to help the real Mulder.
Once again, Hawkeye writes home to his father, telling him of the latest gossip, the camp gets a new surgeon, who turns out to be a fake.
Paris and Kim are sent to an Akritian prison after being accused of a terrorist bombing, where they are thrown in among hardened killers.
Chandler and Ross get celebrity tuxedos through Rachel at Ralph Lauren, but Chandler doesn't want Ross's Batman tux to out-shine his tux.
The Brigadier summons the Doctor to Earth to help in the investigation, but it soon becomes clear some kind of alien presence is at work,
With no knowledge of who he is, Doggett is befriended by a local who soon has him working smuggling illegal immigrants across the border.
Meanwhile, at a joint FBI/DOD inquiry, Scully's attempt to drive out the Conspiracy's informant is halted as her cancer takes a bad turn.
As Captain of the Enterprise's adversary, the USS Hathaway, Riker must strategize the best way to defeat Picard's Galaxy-Class Star Ship.
Stardate: Unknown The Enterprise is caught in the middle of a civil war when they encounter Tasha Yar's long-lost younger sister, Ishara.
Stardate: Unknown Sisko's friend, Commander Cal Hudson, resigns from Starfleet to join the Maquis in their fight against the Cardassians.
Jake spends the rest of his adult life trying to free him, when his father returns to normal space for a few seconds every several years.
The A-Team's court martial begins where they are accused for the death of Colonel Samuel Morrison and robbing the National Bank of Hanoi.
The Agents cross paths with a pair of doppelgangers whose close proximity with each other leaves a trail of destruction across 17 states.
Long ago they imprisoned the criminal Salyavin there, as punishment for using his powers to transfer his mind into other people's bodies.
The Doctor and Weng-Chiang have their final confrontation in the mysterious House of the Dragon,, watched by the evil duplicitous Mr Sin.
The Doctor finds out the terrible history of the Tharils, while Rorvik and his crew continue to try to escape from the shrinking gateway,
when the man who saved his life in Vietnam becomes the subject of a congressional investigation, Leo attempts to intercede on his behalf.
The Sundance Film Festival moves to South Park after its original locale has turned from a quaint mountain town into another Los Angeles.
Informed that fourth graders are a little too old for Mr Hat, Garrison comes to class with a new, and even more inappropriate, assistant.
The Doctor and Rose respond to a call for help and visit a hospital run by a sisterhood of humanoid cat people, the Sisters of Plenitude.
When Angel is poisoned by Faith, Buffy faces Faith for the final time in order to get the only cure to the poison, the blood of a Slayer.
The kids from South Park Elementary enter a spelling bee, and lose to the only two kids in town that are home-schooled, Mark and Rebecca.
The rescue of a kidnapping victim looks easy until the ransom is left behind and the victim insists on bringing along one of her captors.
The town is concerned when a local fisherman dies, but concern turns to confusion when a second body is discovered aboard a fishing boat.
When Pip is offered the opportunity to become a gentleman he goes to London only to discover that Miss Havesham plans to break his heart.
Twenty five years after a show in which a stabbing occurred, the cast is reunited and a mystery woman reappears, seeming to accuse Barry.
Now, B'Elanna must outsmart her own programming to disarm Dreadnought, before it destroys a planet and kills millions of innocent people.
Will he honor his commitment, or ask a colleague to step in for him? Abby and Morris wrestle with the strange case of a car crash victim.
When Seven tries to perfect her social skills on the holodeck, her hobby quickly becomes an obsession, leading her to neglect her duties.
When Voyager is trapped in orbit of a unique planet, they learn that time moves far faster on that planet than in the rest of the galaxy.
But when the boys realize that Butters is more popular than they are, they find that they have no choice but to give in to peer pressure.
When the delivery of a full-size prop of 1960's The Time Machine makes Penny miss work, she scolds Leonard about his sci-fi collectibles.
While waiting for Lister and Cat to find them, they get work as a novelty act in a pub, showing off their 'forwards' acting capabilities.
While investigating an asteroid belt containing a new element, Harry Kim is pulled into a subspace vacuole and switched with a dead body.
Rimmer leaves through one door and immediately returns through another where he has the same conversation with Lister that he had before.
Also helping out in their plans to cut footloose and fancy free is Autolycus, in disguise as the strict revivalist Philepon the Reformer.
Meanwhile, the camp's water supply is depleted, and the rest of the 4077th is more concerned about where their next shower will come from.
A publisher hires a Vietnam vet to kill his star author, and thus give himself an alibi before the writer can defect to another publisher.
Corday also sympathizes with troubled surgical resident Paul Nathan as he struggles with the increasing symptoms of his physical handicap.
After discovering Father Jack is suffering yet again(! from hairy hand syndrome, Ted is delighted to send Jack, by doctor's orders, to St.
While all this is going on in Sunnydale, Spike undergoes a fierce challenge given by an African demon in order to become what he once was.
Meanwhile, the girls start to wonder if it is fun being an adult after going to a tea room that was filled little girls and their mothers.
After participating in a walk-out against the war in Iraq, Mr Garrison tells the boys they have to write a report on the founding fathers.
After the meeting, they all return to the past-Rimmer and past-Lister's quarters where the past-Rimmer promptly tells them all to go away.
After a little push from Lister, which seems to bring the two closer together, Rimmer decides to accept the offer and begins his training.
All of Jessica's intuitive and deductive skills are called into play when she sets out to clear a university colleague of a murder charge.
As Hawkeye and Trapper are planning to leave for Tokyo, an unusual offer to swap POW patients between the Chinese and the 4077th comes in.
Believing that they were slighted by a patron at another bar, the gang attempts to track him down so that they could get a little revenge.
Agent Spender deceives his father and arranges for Mulder and Scully to be reassigned to the X-Files, which doesn't sit too well with CSM.
After Chakotay learns that they are all de-assimilated Borg, a group of colonists make a very unorthodox and dangerous request of Voyager.
While trying to decide which of Heckles' things to keep, Rachel realizes that Monica doesn't consider the apartment to be their apartment.
she decides to get rid of some hideous artwork she created, and tries to give it to Monica and Rachel, who had been pretending to like it.
Cliff's girlfriend and mother take an instant liking to each other while Rebecca tries to entice Sam into some frozen fertility underwear.
Conclusion, After Alex and Sydney are kidnapped by Mexicans, the men set off to rescue them, but soon find themselves in need of rescuing.
Dax is excited to perform a Trill ritual, in which she gets to meet each of her past hosts by transfering their memories into her friends.
Doug jeopardizes future federal grants for the entire ER when he breaks a double blind study by giving a sample drug to an ailing patient.
After missing an earlier diagnosis, Carter overcompensates on his next patient and catches a break when the test results reveal something.
Wenley Moor research station is experiencing strange power losses, and off-duty staff have been killed while potholing in the local caves.
For Thanksgiving, Janine invites Joey and Ross to hang out with her and her dancer friends, but they have to eat dinner at Monica's first.
Meanwhile, Winchester desperately tries to halt his sister's impending marriage to a man he considers unworthy of the Winchester heritage.
A desperate Gabrielle enlists the aid of the banshees and flees, however she soon realizes she must choose between Xena and her own child.
Phoebe goes stir-crazy in the hospital, and sneaks back to work, only to find our she's been fired, and promptly has another heart attack.
Insurance investigator Dennis Stanton, who uses his skills as an ex-thief to solve crimes, returns to investigate a theft and two murders.
Mac and Dee become vigilantes in order to remove the homeless from their neighborhood, while Frank and Dennis impersonate police officers.
Mark, still reeling from Susan's departure, crosses ethical lines to obtain Jeanie's confidential files after learning Al is HIV-positive.
When the simulant fires at Lister, the bullets hit him instead of Lister, when he throws a knife, it comes back and hits him and so forth.
Miffed over Priya breaking down the Roommate Agreement using legal theory, Sheldon joins Penny, Bernadette, and Amy on their girls' night.
As they're about to have a final showdown, someone steals from all of them, so Ross, Chandler, and the bullies band together to kick butt.
Cartman finds a mysterious triangle and the kids get on TV about this important discovery, which captures the attention of Leonard Maltin.
They want everything to go perfectly, so when it turns out that Laura had a bad dating experience with Joey, they pretend not to know him.
Meanwhile, the Doctor and Donna must confront the Shadow Proclamation to find the truth, whilst a fearsome old enemy waits in the shadows,
The bunny-shaped cake with Emma's picture is mistakenly replaced with a novelty cake shaped like a penis, still with Emma's picture on it.
Upset that Sam won't let him visit Steve, whom he does not know is in jail, Alex steals Sam's credit cards and hitches a ride out of town.
Season Premiere, Carter begins the first day of his internship with the difficult task of filling in for Benton as the ER surgery consult.
The A-Team gets involved in the music business when threats from their old record label prompt a singing group to ask the A-Team for help.
The A-Team must bring a girl in who has stolen a briefcase from her father, filled with material she believes he's selling to the Soviets.
Complicating matters, two employees of the millionnaire Harrison Chase arrive and will stop at nothing to get hold of the second seed-pod.
The CSIs investigate the murder of a rock and roll groupie and the disappearance of a prostitute that both have ties to a mysterious band.
The Enterprise finds itself host to two alien beings from the same planet, who share an intense and self-destructive hatred of each other.
The Great Santini is a master magician, but his employer discovers that he was a German camp guard during World War II and blackmails him.
When the Krenim leader learns that Voyager's presence in the quadrant has thrown a wrench into his plans, Voyager becomes his next target.
The TARDIS materialises in Paris in the year 1572, and the Doctor leaves Steven on his own while he visits the apothecary Charles Preslin.
The Doctor and the Nerva Beacon crew are captured by the Cybermen, who plan to use them in their plan to destroy Voga, the Planet of Gold.
The warrior woman Xena wishes to secure complete control of the region of Arcadia, and decides that Hercules must die to make that happen.
While Jessica believes that Sam is innocent, she doesn't believe it was suicide, and asks Sam's son Rod, a police officer, to lend a hand.
Valentine's Day finds Carol and Doug caring for Tatiana, a six-year-old Russian girl with AIDS abandoned in the ER by her adoptive mother.
Walker and Trivette are assigned to escort Cat, a woman who is to testify against a gang leader, Trigger James, safely to her destination.
When Cleopatra is murdered, Xena poses as the Queen of Egypt in order to find out the identity of the killer, while romancing Marc Antony.
When Leonard is set to give the commencement address at his former high school, a canceled flight threatens to stop him giving the speech.
When the boys travel to Aspen and hit the slopes for the first time, Stan has a run in with one of the locals and is challenged to a race.
Lister begins to miss Rimmer and reflects on some of the fun times that he and Rimmer spent together in the early days after the accident.
While Langston testifies in the trial of a respected Congressman, new evidence sends the CSIs back to the lab to reopen the investigation.
While researching an Aztec warrior named Tezcatcatl, Angel discovers that one of the employees of Wolfram & Hart is connected to the case.
Worf attempts to win a battle by destroying a Dominion shipyard to guarantee Jadzia's spirit a place in Sto-vo-kor, the Klingon afterlife.
A desperate, but ambitious newspaper reporter, Amy Allen, wants to prove the existence of the A-Team, four ex GIs that help people in need.
A mysterious dog thought to be the last of a rare Asian breed is responsible for several murders which Mulder and Scully are investigating.
In need of inspiration, this poet intends on using B'Elanna and the stories of Voyager in his plays, to win favour with his warlord patron.
The bug-out proceeds without him, Hot Lips and Radar, and they quickly learn after the unit departs that they're in the midst of the front.
A special one hour ER retrospective full of memorable clips from past episodes, as well as interviews with current and former cast members.
However, Xena must learn to stop underestimating Gabrielle when she finds out that Ares hasn't chosen Mavican, he's really after Gabrielle!
Meanwhile, Autolycus finds himself possessed by the Warrior Princess who needs him to help her find Ambrosia to bring herself back to life.
After battling a new vampire who claimed to have been recently sired by Spike, Buffy warns the gang that they must keep a close eye on him.
After being brought back to life in The Parting of the Ways, Captain Jack Harkness was just left on the Gamestation by the Doctor and Rose.
Instead, he heads southwest to the Anasazi ruins of New Mexico seeking a mysterious wise man whom the Indians call The Keeper of the Truth.
Meanwhile, Connor realizes he has no future with a loving family and goes on an insane rampage, taking hostage families from a nearby mall.
Meanwhile, the Israeli Air Force weighs in on the Qumari matter, and Joey Lucas reports that the president is likely to lose New Hampshire.
At the hospital, the Scooby Gang awaits news from the doctor about Joyce's surgery and they are all relieved when the surgery is a success.
Colonel Lethbridge-Stewart tries to move against the Yeti to recover the Doctor's TARDIS while the Doctor works on controlling the spheres.
When she realizes that Angel has lost his conviction to be a hero, she gives him the information and support he needs to get back on track.
When he discovers his new friend, Lister decides to complete his dream of owning a farm on Fiji and orders Holly to set a course for Earth.
Fonzie crashes after a successful attempt to jump 14 garbage cans on his motorcycle and faces surgery to remove torn cartilage in his knee.
Frasier decides to conduct an experiment in voter psychology by getting Woody on the ballot for city council and is shocked by the results.
Having been captured by the commandos who have been lurking around campus, Spike is being held hostage in a high-tech prison-like facility.
In order to stop attacks from the Kazon, Captain Janeway finds herself being forced to make an alliance with the more powerful Kazon sects.
When negotiations fail, their only chance is to ally themselves with the race that used the Kazons as slaves in the past, called the Trabe.
In this two-hour reunion special, various clips are shown from past episodes, and cast members recall memories from their time on the show.
It records his sensory responses to being wounded, flown by helicopter to the 4077th, examined, operated on, and treated in post-operation.
But behind the celebrations there are rumours of monsters on the streets, and the tormented Mr Magpie is hiding a strange and alien secret,
Jessica and Grady head to the home of publisher Christopher Bundy, whose publishing company owns the rights to Jessica's first short story.
Jessica investigates the murder of an unpopular director while an old document may mean that Cabot Cove has to rewrite their local history.
Jessica means to find out the secret ingredient in the ice cream and see that the donation for the literary foundation is paid as promised.
Ross torments Rachel about always exchanging gifts, until she can't stand it and shows him all the stuff she saved from their relationship.
Kyle plans a holiday special for TV in hopes of bringing families together again with help from some of the biggest names in entertainment.
Lister and Rimmer complete the task and destroy the time wand, but they notice all too late that Pete had laid an egg that begins to hatch,
Unfortunately, before he gets a chance to leave, he's transferred to backwoods Mississippi, where the hospital is only a two-room building.
Jack Geller has agreed to pay for half of the wedding, until he finds out Mr Waltham is counting his house remodeling as a wedding expense.
Phoebe reveals her hatred for PBS, which started because she never got an answer to a letter she wrote to Sesame Street after her mom died.
Richie wins a date with a movie star, Cindy Shea, to a school dance, and Gloria breaks up with him because of circumstances surrounding it.
Rimmer sees Lister getting killed by an exploding panel in the drive room and doesn't seem to be too concerned about it in front of Lister.
Robin lends Sam and the gang his yacht race in a regatta, but the motley crew discovers a bomb in the refrigerator, right next to the beer.
Carol and her mother host a traditional Ukrainian Christmas celebration, to which Doug shows up with Charlie, who needs a favor from Carol.
Scully and Doggett race to investigate a string of bizarre deaths in the tunnels of the Boston subway system linked to a mysterious killer.
Season Finale, Mark, still recovering from the attack, vents his emotions in a violent fit in the break room and buys a gun for protection.
Abby begins her internship at County, as do Ray Barnett and Howard Ritzke, while Neela returns to Chicago after giving hers up in Michigan.
Tensions rise when she learns that Geordi created a holographic version of her several months before in order to save the ship from danger.
Stardate: Unknown The crew evacuates the Enterprise when the ship needs to be cleaned of particles that have built up over the ship's hull.
Stardate: Unknown Three Klingons arrive on the station that Curzon Dax took a Klingon blood oath with after their young sons were murdered.
The CSIs investigate a murder at Lindsey's school and find an unknown connection along the way between the murder and events from the past.
The book is also sought by the evil scientist Skagra, who has developed a sphere capable of drawing its victims' minds out of their bodies.
The Intelligence claims that it only wants physical being, but in fact, its new physical form will consume the entire Earth unless stopped.
The ship is carrying all of the Earth's surviving plant, animal and human life on a 700 year-long trip to a new home on the planet Refusis.
With the help of a mischievous bandit and a merchant whose family was murdered by El Akir, Ian rescues Barbara and takes her back to Jaffa.
The crew of Voyager experience vivid memories and dreams of a battle they don't remember having, with an enemy they have never encountered.
The guys' prestigious offer to work over the summer at the North Pole-and Penny's resultant behavior-leaves Leonard unsure if he should go.
The new principal forces Giles to run Sunnydale High's annual talent show, and Buffy, Willow and Xander have to perform against their will.
The orbit of the holiday planet, Azure, the year 2116. The starships Empress and Hecate are fused together after an accident in hyperspace.
Santos breaks ranks with the party by signing onto Republican legislation for a patient bill of rights when his own bill dies in committee.
Ross hates the fact that Emily has to be gone so much, so he considers asking her to move in with him, but ends up asking her to marry him.
An elusive hacker has somehow gained access into the student's confidential phone calls and e-mails and is posting all their juicy stories.
Though they seem to be in the same places at the same time, Buffy, Xander and Dawn are unable to find Willow when she returns from England.
Mr Tweek rejects the offer, and that night suggests that the boys do their report on how large corporations try to push out small business.
Janeway must enlist the help of the senior staff to carry out a secret standing order from Starfleet, destroy Omega by any means necessary.
Catherine and Grissom investigate the death of a women who was involved with the aforementioned two men, all of which lead to Lady Heather.
When Fred opens up an ancient sarcophagus that was anonymously sent to her, she is infected by a mysterious parasitic demon called Illyria.
It soon becomes apparent, however, that her independent attitude and need to question orders may not be what the Initiative is looking for.
When a single human bone is discovered in the desert, Grissom and Catherine must cover miles of territory to find the rest of the skeleton.
When a student is arrested and tried for the murder of a popular high-school girl, the suspect's 12-year-old sister confesses to the crime.
Instead, he heads southwest to the Anasazi ruins of New Mexico seeking a mysterious wise man whom the Indians call The Keeper of the Truth.
Mulder's theories, in fact his very presence, become more and more un-welcome as the body count continues to mount in his general vicinity.
While Jed, Leo and Fitzwallace grapple with terrorism and moral absolutes, Josh and Amy grapple with each other over a welfare-reform bill.
While Jessica is in Carmel, California, consoling a well-known playwright haunted by his wife's suicide, another family member is murdered.
While the White House is in lock down, Josh and the staff try to put the events of 9/11/01 in context for a group of gifted high schoolers.
While they are visitors at an estate in Ireland, Jessica and friend Seas are convinced that their host's demise is not from natural causes.
With Buffy in mourning over Riley leaving town, Willow and Anya may need to defeat the troll themselves before it flattens the entire town.
If Buffy fails, the Trio will cut a violent swath through the town, but if she defeats Warren then his vengeance may be swift and terrible.
Winchester is sent to inspect sanitary conditions on the frontlines, while the rest of the camp plans a surprise anniversary party for B.J.
Winchester, Pierce, and Hunnicutt find themselves in the sticky position of having to decide which enlisted men to recommend for promotion.
Xena rescues a woman with mysterious powers who sends her to a future life where she's fighting the reincarnation of Alti, the evil shaman.
Outside, in a nearby parking lot, Catherine works a crime scene where a Los Angeles gang member was gunned down, apparently by a rival gang.
Jessica finds herself in a tough spot when one of the auctioneers is found murdered and Jessica has to rely on Harry McGraw to help her out.
A series of high-profiles robberies puzzle the rangers, but when one results in the death of Walker's friend, it becomes a personal crusade.
Roger believes they can get the marriage annulled if Jenny agrees to it, but, instead, she comes into Fonzie's apartment carrying suitcases.
After a case of mistaken identity leads Angel to slay the demon protector of an innocent girl, karaoke is the only way to make things right.
After a kidnapper attempts to abduct Tweek, a series of breaking news events related to child abductions begins to worry the town's parents.
After an encounter with a demon with no mouth, Buffy is infected with the demon's blood and she gains the ability to hear people's thoughts.
After deciding to quit the band, Joanie moves back in with Howard and Marion to enroll in a teaching program at the University of Wisconsin.
They decide to sign up for the school's wrestling class, but soon learn that the wrestling at school isn't the same as what they saw at WWE.
After receiving a DUI, Randy attends an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting where he realizes that he is powerless to control his drinking problem.
After receiving a warning from the White Guardian, the TARDIS apparently lands aboard an Edwardian clipper ship, but all is not as it seems,
After repairing a robot she found drifting in space, B'Elanna is abducted and forced to design a new prototype or Voyager will be destroyed.
as C.J. prepares Zoey for a sit-down interview about her kidnapping, Abbey reveals that her relationship with her husband is still strained.
In the opener, Luka and Ames square off in court as each man's recollections of Ames's treatment are recounted via testimony and flashbacks.
Hoynes must decide whether he will support Bartlet's stance or go with his convictions when the Senate is deadlocked on an ethanol tax bill.
Josh is furious when he discovers that a gift he passed on to Donna, who in turn passed it on to an unpaid intern, ends up for sale on eBay.
Bashir is asked to help a group of genetically enhanced people integrate into normal society, but working around their personality problems.
Hawkeye and BJ face a severe reprimand, but then there's an actual emergency involving burned civilians and the Naval officers have to help.
Escaping from the police, she goes to the hospital to find that Willow is comatose and unable to complete the spell to restore Angel's soul.
C.J. is outraged about an arms sale to secure an airbase lease with a Middle-Eastern country which perpetuates atrocities against its women.
In exchange for safe passage through Borg space, Voyager will provide the Borg with the medical technology necessary to defeat Species 8472.
Carter goes behind Anspaugh's back to get a gambler admitted for surgery, earning Anspaugh and Hicks's wrath and jeopardizing his residency.
A temporary replacement surgeon, Newsome, is quickly brought into the 4077th and seems to be a gem in terms of both personality and ability.
Dawn's simple crush on Sunnydale High's star quarterback RJ Brooks starts to become obsessive, leading Buffy to investigate the boy herself.
Dennis Stanton is on the case when a kidnapped ventriloquist's dummy is found in a locked room along with the corpse of a comedy club owner.
Willow must use magick to enter her mind and help her work through the trauma before it is too late to save Dawn, and the rest of the world.
Diane and Carla decide to bury the hatchet over after-work drinks, which lead to a startling confession from Carla about her youngest child.
During a paramedic ride-along, Carter is forced to drive the ambulance while fleeing a riot scene and inadvertently runs over a teenage boy.
During an away mission in search of dilithium crystals, Neelix's lungs are removed by a disease-ridden race of aliens known as the Vidiians.
Luka and Abby wake up together at Luka's, but the crash soon takes them back to work, where the tension between Luka and Clemente continues.
Frasier asks Sam for some advice about his more intimate relationship with Diane and Cliff hides out from a vengeful fellow postal employee.
Grissom and Catherine investigate the murder of a despised comic who died onstage, apparently after drinking from a tainted bottle of water.
Meanwhile, Sara probes the death of a cheerleader who is found eviscerated on a soccer field, her organs having been ingested by her killer.
When the film set moves to its location in South America, the local gangster is already waiting for them, but they didn't expect the A-Team.
Hawkeye is outraged when a sensationalistic war correspondent, Clayton Kibbee, reports irresponsible G.I. stunts as tales of military valor.
Howard doesn't realize that the room will take all semester to complete, and this hurts his plan to make a killing in whisper-quiet toilets.
In the 30th century, Earth is experiencing a new Ice Age, and bases all across the world are struggling to hold back the advancing glaciers.
In the afterlife, Xena and Gabrielle find themselves caught up in a war between Hell's demons and Heaven's angels over possession of Heaven.
Jessica's first book, The Corpse Danced at Midnight, is being made into a major Hollywood motion picture, backed by producer Jerry Lydecker.
He tells Joey that he has to stay in Tulsa, but when Joey finds Monica preparing for a night of seduction, he thinks she's having an affair.
Several discoveries are made, including the fact that Chandler kissed Rachel, and Ross, who thought he kissed Rachel actually kissed Monica.
Kirk and three of his officers are accidentally transported into a parallel mirror universe where violence, greed, and evil are commonplace.
Mulder is trapped in a car with a man who has developed a serious ear condition which can only be suppressed by driving west at high speeds.
Rebecca insists she can handle the bar while the rest of the gang plays poker, then learns that she's allowed their liquor license to lapse.
Richie buys tickets to a rock and roll show from Fonzie but has to work at the hardware store when Howard needs to have his tonsils removed.
The next day, everyone is angry with Richie, but he is confused because he doesn't remember anything that happened after being crowned king.
Rachel is worried that it was the wrong thing to do, and unsure about her relationship with Ross, but is hesitant to talk with him about it.
Sam and Diane want to spend some time alone together, but the lonely Coach keeps joining them, not realizing he is spoiling things for them.
But the agents are put under pressure when they have to investigate the case on a short deadline because the subway is going to be reopened.
Seven must deal with almost complete solitude when the crew must go into protective stasis for a month in order to cross a dangerous nebula.
Sheldon and Amy start to get on each other's nerves due to living together, so Leonard and Penny try to think of a way for them to cool off.
Sheldon is forced to work with Kripke and while in competition with Kripke, ends up spreading rumors about his sexual relationship with Amy.
Stardate: Unknown In a shocking revelation to Quark and Rom, the Grand Nagus Zek reveals he has re-written the Ferengi Rules of Acquisition.
The A-Team has to rescue a reluctant bride being forced to marry her late father's business partner, who is also the murderer of her father.
Mac shows up from NY for a romantic weekend with Christine, who appears to have vanished from her hotel room, which is the scene of a crime,
The CSIs investigate a triple homicide, and D.B. needs to find a way to connect with a 6-year-old girl who is the only witness and survivor.
The Doctor must overcome his own companions to defeat the Terileptils as they prepare to unleash a devastating final visitation on humanity.
The Enterprise encounters a seemingly peaceful civilization run by a benevolent being named Landru, who intends for them to join his people.
But the store seems to have a strange power over the townsfolk, they can't stop themselves from buying items at Wall-Mart's low, low prices.
But why do the crew leave no footprints in the sand? Why are they invisible to the museum attendants? What has happened to their time track?
Between finding out the truth about her resurrection and believing that she has killed an innocent girl, Buffy's world begins to fall apart.
that is Kyle kicking the baby his little brother Ike and Cartman talking about his strange dream, which the other boys identify as visitors.
Using Lister's body, something announces itself as 'The Inquisitor' and tells them that they will now return to Red Dwarf to face judgement.
The crew board the Good ship to find their counterparts are monks and are all focused on the better side of things, spiritual happiness etc.
With time running out, the Doctor transmats her and Harry down to the planet Voga, unaware that a mysterious ship is approaching the beacon.
They investigate the murder of an unidentified girl who may have been killed by a serial killer who has been killing since the early 1970's.
Pratt makes an effort to save his relationship with Bettina, and Abby worries about her marriage, sensing that Luka may have given up on it.
at the behest of Jean Paul, Zoey sends Charlie a Dear John email, but Charlie refuses to accept the brushoff and declares his love for Zoey.
Monica and Rachel, low on funds, make cookies to give instead of cash as holiday tips to the paperboy, the mailman, the superintendent, etc.
One by one, their dreams take a dark and twisted turn as a sinister force stalks each of them through the dream world and their own psyches.
Voyager discovers a pair of Ferengi, who arrived in the Delta Quadrant via the Barzan Wormhole, masquerading as gods to a primitive culture.
Weaver is spending the day working in the ER when she meets her birth mother, who has disguised herself as a patient in order to meet Kerry.
Cesar Millan, The Dog Whisperer takes on the challenge and while he might have what it takes, Eric Cartman's not going down without a fight.
When Orpheus loses the power to subdue the God Bacchus with his music, Xena and Gabrielle risk their lives to end Bacchus's reign of terror.
Meanwhile, Penny insists on joining Leonard at Comic-Con and Bernadette finally figures out a way to get Howard to do some of the housework.
When Voyager uses new quantum slipstream technology in an attempt to get home, a miscalculation causes the ship to crash into an ice planet.
While at a rummage sale in Cabot Cove, Jessica buys an old bureau that contains a letter written, but never sent, to local man Bud Fricksey.
While trying to meet the Air Force deadline, Sheldon tries an energy drink for the first time and starts to believe he has become an addict.
Willow and Tara's relationship is well on the road to recovery, but Xander, Anya, Buffy, and Spike aren't having quite so much luck in love.
With Starbug was destroyed, the future crew no longer existed and thus were unable to go back in time and kill the crew in the present crew.
Giles discovers a prophecy of coming danger which would interfere with her plans, but she chooses Owen over battling the forces of darkness.
They go in search of a vital ship part and come across a village who have the part but the price is for Lister to marry the chief's daughter.
Scully finds herself strangely drawn to him even though he is now the prime suspect in the murder case that she and Mulder are investigating.
Aboard the Red Dwarf Lister, Kryten and Cat try to sneak off to go fishing but accidentally wake up Rimmer and are forced to bring him along.
After 100,000 years, the Minyans have found the long-lost P7E. But what awaits them on the ship, long buried in the core of a newborn planet?
she's invited to speak at a symposium where a portal opens, bringing her face to face with a demon and a dark secret about her old professor.
He resolves to reunite with his crew, but Cordelia, Wesley and Gunn may not be ready to forgive him, even when their very lives are at stake.
Meanwhile, Spike notices that his chip doesn't kick in when he hits Buffy, leading him to believe that she may not be entirely human anymore.
Meanwhile, Mac and Charlie reflect on their childhood Christmases, and realize that they were not as joyous and wonderful as they remembered.
He takes them on a trip to the planet Marklar, and they find that the planet would be an ideal environment for Marvin's family and neighbors.
An inventor videotapes his mother-in-law's death, and then replays it back to the security guard, giving himself an apparently perfect alibi.
Angered by the way civilian doctors in the States are profiting from the war, Hawkeye presents the Army with a bill for his medical services.
Hannibal goes undercover as an illegal alien when the A-Team is asked to find a sick woman who was apparently left behind by alien smugglers.
Meanwhile, Glory's minions also mistake the BuffyBot for the Slayer and, noticing its devotion to Spike, begin to suspect that he is the Key.
Even Willow and Xander seem to love him, and Buffy must find a way to prove that her fears about Ted are something more than simple jealousy.
Catherine is ordered by a kidnapper to accompany a man who is to deliver $1 million in ransom to him or else he will kill the man's mistress.
Phoebe and Ross get mugged, but it turns out Phoebe knows the mugger from her days on the streets, when she occassionally mugged people, too.
Commodore Swanson is tired of his greedy son-in-law turning his ship building business into an embarrassment and decides to sell the company.
Al has an accident at his job site and gets blood on a co-worker, spurring Jeanie to convince him to tell his co-worker about his HIV status.
Diane's intellectual former fiance returns to reclaim her and puts Sam into an anxiety attack when he tries to measure up by reading Tolstoy.
She discovers that the late producer was widely disliked, and that a budget shortfall on her most recent movie may be connected to her death.
Mark treats the victims of a letter bomb, and later treats his own daughter when Ella is rushed in after swallowing some of Rachel's Ecstasy.
Rachel is convinced that Danny likes her and that his apparent apathy toward her is just a ploy to gain the upper hand in their relationship.
Finding no evidence of the alleged mutiny, the judge drops all charges against Hawkeye and puts Frank in his place, but will he stay there?!.
Hoping to make some extra money on the side, Mac and Dennis make preparations for Charlie to compete in an underground street fighting match.
But the party soon turns sinister, and Buffy learns the connection between the fraternity and the local girls who have recently gone missing.
Grissom and Sara investigate the murder of a woman after a swap party where the married couples in the neighborhood meet and switch partners.
Working closely together under heavy fire and unsanitary medical conditions, the three return to camp with new found respect for one another.
In order to bring some rebellious former Maquis crew members into line, Tuvok gives them a crash course in Starfleet discipline and protocol.
The Doctor, Amy and Rory arrive in a tiny mining village and find themselves plunged into a battle against a deadly danger from a bygone age.
Josh, determined to make sure a foreign aid bill passes even though it's a hopeless cause, sends Donna out to track down a reluctant senator.
Afterwards they discover that the phone number the couple gave them is wrong, and they begin to wonder if they didn't make a good impression.
Agent Doggett comes to the same conclusion and his team race Scully and Skinner to the school where they find Mulder trying to kidnap Gibson.
Norm elaborates on his new position with a top CPA firm and is caught in his little white lies when the gang decides to surprise him at work.
On Christmas Eve, a terrible blizzard traps Howard and Joanie at the hardware store and Fonzie, Potsie, Chachi, Jenny, and Roger at Arnold's.
Unfortunately, Lister's in-law's, the GELFs attack, see Emohawk, and cause a break in the wormhole and Kochanski becomes caught on this side.
He makes the mistake of taking some of the Sexual Magnetism virus beforehand and is led off with the female officers to have wild animal sex.
Professor Rasmussen of the space station Le Verrier transmits an urgent video explaining the deteriorating situation that wiped out his crew.
He brings her to Joey's party, but hesitates to make a move because he's intimidated by her past romantic interests, all Nobel Prize winners.
Realizing that they can cash in on other's talents by acting as clients, the gang successfully charms Token in to letting them represent him.
Meanwhile, it's Moretti's first day as Chief of Emergency Medicine, and everyone feels the effects of his style, especially Pratt and Morris.
The staff panics, but not as bad as the patients, when a lockdown is ordered for the ER. The feverish Chen is quarantined with homeless Stan.
Seven is forced to hide The Doctor's program by downloading him into her implants, when the Delta Flyer comes under attack from the Lokirrim.
Someone wants the old historic house enough to kill for it and its supposed hidden treasure AND Jessica is executor of the late owner's will.
Butters of course, is devastated over the loss of his new found best buddies and the trauma of it all unleashes his alter ego Professor Chaos
To secure her position, she employs Kira to retrieve farming equipment that is being held illegally by the leader of her old resistance cell.
Stardate: Unknown When Quark believes he is going to die, he performs the custom of selling off his desiccated remains in advance for profit.
Meanwhile, Sidney Freedman is depressed over a young soldier who blames him for his injuries, because Freedman had sent him back into combat.
The CSIs work on two separate investigations involving a woman found murdered in Mexico and a local couple discovered dead in their driveway.
with the aid of the sphere and his crystalline servants, the Krargs, he will spread his own mind throughout the Universe and become immortal.
The TARDIS crashlands in Berlin in the 1930s and the Doctor suffers the ultimate betrayal while facing the greatest war criminal of all time.
The destruction of Earth led to a wave of nostalgia and the creation of 'New Earth', a planet with very similar physical properties to Earth.
Bartlet interviews potential replacements for Mrs Landingham while C.J. tries to find someone to fill Simon's shoes as Anthony's Big Brother.
Toby, suspicious that there's something going on with the President, finds out about Bartlet's MS and informs Leo of the legal ramifications.
When he finds out that her revolutionary cream formula actually remove wrinkles, he has the formula pirated and Viveca decides to murder him.
Sam heads out to California to begin his election campaign, and sends Will Bailey to the White House to help Toby with the inaugural address.
When a chess grandmaster realizes that he is unable to defeat his rival at a tournament, he resorts to murder and makes it look like suicide.
With local folklore of a killer sea serpent running rampant amongst the locals, the agents must take their search for the truth to the water.
When it is revealed that Penny and Bernadette went wedding dress shopping without her, Amy becomes heartbroken and pressures Sheldon for sex.
When the Doctor, Amy, and Rory travel to the Old West, the Doctor finds himself chosen as marshal to deal with a ruthless gunslinging cyborg.
While Kochanski is still trying to get back to her dimension and Kryten is still jealous of the relationship that she could have with Lister.
While on a mission to help a planet recently struck by an asteroid, the Enterprise is paid a visit by a man who claims to be from the future.
However, the vacation comes to an abrupt end when Seven and Tuvok are abducted, and Seven is forced to compete in the Tsunkatse to the death.
Whilst suffering a fever, Klinger communicates with the spirit of a dead soldier, Private Weston, who stays on to witness his own last rites.
While working together to stop the marauding Darphus, Hercules and the warrior princess Xena take their personal relationship to a new level.
A no-nonsense Colonel, who is notorious as a hard-nosed disciplinarian, visits the 4077th during an outbreak of April Fools' Day pranksterism.
Lister forces him to swap back, but with Kryten's unwilling help, Rimmer steals Lister's body during the night and does a runner with Starbug.
A strange alien substance causes the crew to ignore their inhibitions and act out their deepest desires, while the ship plummets out of orbit.
a disgusted Charles switches his Tokyo-leave transportation from air to ground, and runs into a difficult medical situation en route to Seoul.
Rimmer continues to wail on about how much he hates Ace until Ace decides to leave saying that he too cannot stand this other side of himself.
Fred tries frantically to find a way to save him, but soon realizes that there is an outside force that is causing Spike's dimensional shifts.
He hires someone to handle the advertisement who guarantees a 40 percent increase in business in exchange for complete control of the project.
After narrowly escaping the gas mask monsters, The Doctor, Rose, and Captain Jack try to stop the mutated people from infecting other victims.
With Skinner acting as Mulder's defence, people who Mulder has dealings with during his last nine years as an FBI agent testify on his behalf.
The agents soon find out that the blind woman some how has the ability to look through the eyes of the killer and get to the crime seen first.
An unusual patient trigger's the curiosity of Abby, Susan, Gallant, Luka and Carter, which lands them at an all-day sexual harassment seminar.
Annie Tortelli fills in for Carla at Cheers and Mr Drake makes Rebecca turn green by personally hiring a pretty young woman to work at Cheers.
Instead of returning the amulet, the spell summons the vampire Willow from the alternate universe in The Wish and sets her loose in Sunnydale.
Bernadette prepares a dinner for the gang, however Sheldon brings his own Thai take-out food after she makes Sheldon's Thai food from scratch.
She also learns that Drusilla took Giles, and heads out to rescue him and stop Angelus once and for all with the help of a most unlikely ally.
Ryan astonishes Josh with a little Congressional sleight of hand to break a stalemate in the staff's meeting with the Base Closing Commission.
Captain Ben Sisko takes command of the Bajoran space station Deep Space Nine, formerly Terok Nor, recently abandoned by the Cardassian Empire.
She claims to be a super solider and that the people she has killed were preparing the water supply and she wants Doggett to expose the truth.
Due to a rise in deaths due to senior citizens behind the wheel, the State of Colorado has revoked all the driver licenses of senior citizens.
Phoebe asks advice of her birth mother, who gives her a puppy for only three days so she'll know what it's like to give up something you love.
To rob the song of its power, Spike must step into his own past and relive one of the most traumatic experiences of his unnaturally long life.
17, the date Millander's father was slain, with the years in descending order from 1959. So presumably, the killer's next target was born Aug.
After playing for some time at the apartment, the girls show up dressed sexily for a girls' night out and Raj goes with them to the nightclub.
But he is still stranded on the Moon, still attempting valiantly,, and vainly,, to thwart the destructive schemes of the Martian Ice Warriors.
Jessica plays a real-life version of her own murder mystery board-game when the toy company she's working with becomes the scene of the crime.
Jessica struggles to protect her former student Carol, a tennis star, when her boyfriend is blown up in her car and Carol is the only suspect.
Jessica's former student, a reporter, returns to Cabot Cove with new evidence on a 30-year-old scandal involving two of the founding families.
Carter intubates an elderly woman who is DNR. When her HMO declines to admit her, Carter either has to find a relative quickly or let her die.
Monica and Chandler try to keep their relationship hidden, When Joey comes into the bathroom, Monica has to duck under the bubbles in the tub.
Neela, worn out after her final ortho shift, has to stay on duty when a scheduling mistake has her surgical trauma shift starting immediately.
As part of an elaborate joke, Cartman manages to get Kenny's school picture plastered all over every missing child milk carton in the country.
He gets mistaken for the owner, and likes the attention he gets so much that even after the owner takes the car away, he keeps up the charade.
Monica tells Rachel that her new boyfriend is the best sex she's ever had, and when Chandler hears this he gets a little too proud of himself.
Rather than hurt his feelings by asking him not to bother them, Sam and Diane decide to set him up with a woman so they will be left in peace.
The events of the day are depicted as related in Commander Data's personal log to Commander Bruce Maddox at the Daestrom Cybernetic Institute.
Stardate: Unknown Doctor Mora Pol, who first studied Odo as an infant, announces that he may have found Odo's homeworld in the Gamma Quadrant.
Stardate: Unknown Kira discovers that the man she loves, Vedek Bareil, may have been responsible for the death of 43 Bajoran freedom fighters.
Dukat escapes with an injured Sisko and they crash on a planet, where Dukat has hallucinations of Weyoun and Damar ordering him to kill Sisko.
Stardate: Unknown Nog and Jake are rescued by the U.S.S. Valiant when their ship is attacked by the Dominion while on their way to Ferenginar.
The CSI team investigates a shooting at a Koreatown neighborhood party, in which the mother and uncle of a small boy, Park Bang, are murdered.
The Doctor and his companions must evade the Daleks on Aridius and find the buried TARDIS. But their supposed Aridian allies have other plans,
Upon hearing news that there may still be Internet in California, Randy decides to pack up his family and head out West in search of Internet.
The death of a rhythm and blues legend and subsequent murder of his bass player reopen the 20-year-old unsolved murder of the musician's wife.
The Doctor and Rose are reunited with an old enemy, as the Face of Boe prepares to reveal the ultimate secret to the traveller without a home,
Monica, knowing Phoebe is still hung up on Mike, tries to undo Chandler's meddling with some of her own, and calls Mike asking him to step up.
Mining disputes threaten the peace of the planet, and as the Doctor and Sarah Jane arrive, it seems that the ghost of Aggedor walks once more,
Jed joins in the fray by telling them to condemn an extremist group called The Lambs of God, and then pointedly shows the delegation the door.
Meanwhile, Luke and the other vampires are planning to begin The Harvest, a dark ritual that will free the Master from his underground prison.
Just before leaving to search for the Orb, Sisko encounters a young Trill woman who reveals herself as the new host of the Dax symbiont, Ezri.
To celebrate the 10th Anniversary of Red Dwarf, the BBC held a special 2 hour Red Dwarf Night filled with fun and excitement for all Dwarfers.
Troi loses her empathic abilities when the Enterprise is caught in a cloud of two-dimensional beings heading towards a cosmic string fragment.
Kryten believes that there is a White Hole out in space which has the opposite affect of a Black Hole,, it throws time back into the universe.
When Bebe starts blossoming into womanhood, the boys in South Park start to revert to Neanderthal-like creatures that fight for her affection.
There, Odo learns that this illness was the Founders' way of forcing him home to the Great Link to stand trial for killing another Changeling.
When a deadly yellow rain falls in a migrant workers camp and kills a young woman, Agents Mulder and Scully come to investigate what happened.
When his partner is killed during a bank robbery, Walker comes to the realization that the robbers may be planning to rob four banks in a row.
The real drama unfolds after the performance when the star tenor is accused of, and confesses to murdering his starlet's beau in self defense.
Neela gets surgery as an elective, but is shocked to learn that rather that finishing his training in the US, Michael plans to return to Iraq.
With her mother gone, Buffy finds that her months spent dead and jobless have left them without enough money to keep the house in good repair.
Woody moons over the fact that Kelly is going to Europe to attend school and Norm suffers through being the designated driver for the evening.
Xander finds out about Angel's return to Sunnydale and promptly informs the gang who confront Buffy with the fear that he may turn evil again.
The man, who was completely drunk when arrested, was being interrogated by Nick and Brass, and suddently tries to escape and is pepper sprayed.
A freezing night, an artillery barrage that's coming too close, a patient going downhill, and Frank's searching Hot Lips' tent for his letters.
Buffy worries that Faith may be taking her place in her friends hearts, and then begins to suspect that the new Slayer may be hiding something.
A transporter accident merges Seven's Borg nanoprobes with The Doctor's mobile emitter and an ensign's DNA to create a 29th Century Borg drone.
Her resemblance to Sara causes Grissom to take a personal interest in the case and forces him to examine the decisions he has made in his life.
Meanwhile, Carter and Chen are both shot down in their bids for chief resident, after which she tells Weaver she is a victim of discrimination.
Accused of murder, the Doctor must persuade the crew of an Earth freighter to change course, before the slumbering menace in their hold awakes.
Unfortunately, when a body is found on the grounds, Neil is the primary suspect, even though everyone had good reason to want Hank Sutter dead.
Meanwhile Esther Clavin has been put in a retirement home by Cliff, but whilst Cliff feels guilty, the others think he has murdered his mother.
With some astute detective work, they find the father,, who has been waiting for news about his daughter in the diner across from the hospital.
After a terrible storm in Cabot Cove, Stephen Earl's four daughters tell Sheriff Tupper that their father died while they were out on the boat.
After being embarrassed at Arnold's by a couple of hoods, Richie wants to take a jujitsu class to learn how to defend and stand up for himself.
An unlikely party comes to the aid of the administration as it seeks to discover the party responsible for nuclear testing in the Indian Ocean.
As the Doctor and the Master attempt to outwit one another a bizarre odyssey unfolds, featuring treacherous trapdoors and foul-smelling sewers.
Feeling useless and insecure, he runs into Ethan Rayne, but the confrontation ends in drinks at the local pub rather than the usual fisticuffs.
things get interesting romantically for both Sam and C.J.. Lord John Marbury helps the staff negotiate an agreement between India and Pakistan.
But when Willow is captured, the gang must decide whether they can give up their best chance at preventing the Ascension to save Willow's life.
Wesley is surprised by the arrival of his estranged father, who has come to evaluate Wesley for possible reacceptance to the Watcher's Council.
Dee gets involved with a famous local rapper who might be mentally challenged, and whose success inspires the rest of the gang to start a band.
The TARDIS encounters a disabled Skonnon battlecruiser transporting Anethan 'tribute'. The co-pilot is determined to reach Skonnos at any cost.
What they discover is a man made of metal, exacting vengeance on those he believes created him and caused this horrid process to happen to him.
Father Mulcahy takes being passed over for promotion philosophically until he hears of the rapid advancement made by a heroic helicopter pilot.
Giles is pushing Buffy in her Slayer training, her mother's rules are becoming more and more strict, and Angel is growing more over-protective.
Having left Sunnydale and his true love behind, Angel is searching for a place to call his own and a means to redeem himself for his past sins.
The soldier then contracts hepatitis, so they have to test Frank without him knowing, and have to keep him away from Margaret and the patients.
In the Season 19 premiere, the boys show their respect for Caitlyn Jenner when a new principal makes them atone for their history of prejudice.
Her classes are harder, she has almost no friends, she drops a pile of books on a cute guy, and her roommate is too annoyingly perky for words.
This is a dream come true for Ross and Monica, but they have a hard time getting on camera, because they aren't as good as they think they are.
He can't get a refund on the room, so he and Ross go there to spend the weekend, and try to take enough hotel amenities to make the money back.
Joey participates in a fertility study, but things get hard when he has to avoid intimacy with Melanie, his new fruit-basket-making girlfriend.
He tries to discuss his dilemna with Chandler and Monica, but he can't discuss it intelligently because he's worried about giving himself away.
Meanwhile, Sheldon and Amy create a YouTube video series called Fun with Flags, and Raj develops an unhealthy attachment to Siri on his iPhone.
Madness strikes as B.J. and his old friend Bardonaro play a series of practical jokes on each other, just as Bardonaro is about to leave Korea.
Due to a brain tumor that is slowly killing him, he is searching for a worthy adversary and he forces Mulder into a battle of mind over matter.
Mulder tries to convince the crew that they have traveled into the future but evidence further suggests that it is he, who is back in the past.
Needing to make a good impression for a prospective business deal, Howard asks Richie to take the Prince of Porcelain's daughter out on a date.
During dinner Hollister mentions that the Dwarfers' Trial is already happening as they are in a VR suite and their escape is part of the trial.
She is the Chosen One, the one girl in all the world gifted with the strength and skill to hunt the vampires and stop the spread of their evil.
Phoebe's Navy man, Ryan is in town for two weeks, but their plans are foiled because Phoebe has the chicken pox, and gives them to him as well.
Phoebe tried to reconcile with Ursula and found out she was actually 31. Ross bought a sportscar, but couldn't get it out of it's parking spot.
Unfortunately, right as they're sitting down to eat, wounded arrive, and Hawkeye is forced to postpone sinking his teeth into his beloved ribs.
Stardate: Unknown When Troi's shuttle crashes on an alien planet, a new being is discovered, an entity that thrives on the suffering of others.
Stardate: Unknown Wesley falls in love with a passenger the Enterprise is escorting, an alien female who has the secret ability to shape-shift.
Stardate: Unknown Geordi defies direct orders from Captain Picard in an attempt to rescue his mother who had recently been reported as missing.
Stardate: Unknown One by one, members of the Shakaar resistance cell are murdered, and Kira becomes increasingly worried that she will be next.
Stockwell refuses to allow the A-Team to go after Hannibal when he fails to check in while on a solo mission in hostile territory of Hong Kong.
Subsequent to Leonard and Penny's break-up, Sheldon tries to hide from Leonard and the gang that he had a friendly spaghetti dinner at Penny's.
Sydney poses as a singer to investigate a corrupt club owner, while Walker seeks to end the conditions that led to a middle schooler's suicide.
The Doctor take Clara and Courtney to the Moon in the year 2049, and discover that it's plagued by a mysterious killer lifeform and moonquakes.
The Enterprise discovers three discorporate intelligences who seek their help in gaining physical bodies, but one of them has plans of his own.
Toby is being pressured by the Attorney General, Blake, to reveal his source and it's affecting his relationship with his ex-wife and children.
The TARDIS arrives on the plains of Asia Minor during the Trojan War, and when the Doctor emerges the credulous Achilles mistakes him for Zeus.
The away team must infiltrate the Borg Collective and execute their plan to undermine them, even though it may destroy Unimatirix Zero forever.
One thing leads to another, but when she kisses Lister, she falls dead, and Lister realises he's just taken about half her face with that kiss.
The gang fight over a lottery ticket and seek out an arbitrator to decide a rightful owner, who also decides if Frank is a hero or hate monger.
The governing committee of an exclusive men's club commissions Jessica to identify a rogue member's killer, who likely serves on the committee.
After the exposure to other children, Mark asks to go to public school, where he is berated by his classmates because of his social ineptitude.
There are only two weeks left before Election Day and both candidates must make difficult choices at a time when they are both extremely tired.
They arrive on the space station and walk through a white light which Kryten says is a mind probe to seek out any unpunished criminal activity.
Abbey charges Amy with the task of convincing the President to threaten a veto on a foreign aid bill containing an abortion gag rule provision.
Their greatest concern is Scuzzlebutt, a monster with celery for a hand, Patrick Duffy for a leg, and who spends his free time weaving baskets.
Vicious creature begin to kill the passengers aboard the Hyperion III. But Professor Lasky and her colleagues refuse to acknowledge any danger,
Although he is afraid he is losing his mind, Chakotay's hallucinations may be Voyager's only hope of learning how to escape from chaotic space.
Walker goes undercover to foil a small town's local officials, who've been taking the law into their own hands by killing the town's criminals.
While Fred and Gunn try to solve the mystery of Wesley's disappearance, Angel searches feverishly for a way to rescue Connor from the Quortoth.
While seeking a cure for a fever ravaging the Enterprise, Kirk and Spock encounter Flint, a hermit-like Earthman, and his beautiful young ward.
While the entire town is busy pointing fingers over who's to blame for the economy, Randy steps forward with a solution for the financial woes.
When Buffy sees this femme fatale scare off a particularly nasty vampire, however, she begins to suspect that Xander may be in serious trouble.
A mail pod arrives containing a message indicating that the out-dated Kryten must be dismantled and his replacement will arrive within 24 hours.
Buffy realizes what Spike is doing and tries to pull the gang back together in time for a final showdown with Adam inside the Initiative itself.
Sleepwalking and bad dreams, according to Sidney Freedman, are taking Hawkeye back to a simple time, but the horrors of war continue to intrude.
she finds Ralph, the older gentleman who has offered to work for food, much more intriguing, especially since it is obvious he comes from money.
When Al suggests consulting an accountant and lawyer before they complete the deal, the man he's dealing with calls in his goons to threaten Al.
Alex is among those held hostage, who also include several nuns and battered spouses when a group of escaped prisoners take shelter in a church.
Andrew creates a documentary called Buffy, Slayer of the Vampyres, a record of the current situation in Sunnydale to show to future generations.
As Cordelia and Angel continue the debate over whether or not to charge their clients, Doyle receives a vision of yet another woman in distress.
However, she is captured by the Amazons and sentenced to execution unless Xena and Gabrielle can find a loophole in the Amazon laws to save her.
However he soon starts to tire of it after talking to his spare heads and realising that he has betrayed his kind, and wants to be changed back.
Camp activities include Henry's nervous delivery of a sex lecture, with Hawkeye's and Trapper's heckling, a Shirley Temple movie, and a cookout.
Because of Anspaugh's quick thinking, Carter survives, however, Corday and Romano are unable to save Lucy, which throws the ER into devastation.
Monica gets a new position as Head Lunch Chef, also in charge of purchasing, who has her own little desk, when Roland's not there, and a beeper.
Cheers' regulars fear the place may become a gay hangout after an old friend and teammate of Sam's reveals his homosexuality in a tell-all book.
When Maryska's wife winds up murdered, Dennis, along with Rhoda Markowitz and Lt Catalano, try to sort through the suspects and find the killer.
While putting his affairs in order, Doug learns some surprising facts about his father, and also has a revelation about his own life and future.
Meanwhile, Warrick and Sara are called to a crime scene to investigate a shooting, which initially appears to have taken place during a robbery.
Hawkeye is the golden boy of the world press when he treats a celebrity prizefighter, 'Gentleman' Joe Cavanaugh, who has a stroke at the 4077th.
After returning to their own universe, Lister uses a pregnancy test, and much to Rimmer's delight, they learn that Lister is, in fact, pregnant!
Immediately after a major poker win at a hotel casino, the poker room lights go out and the casino is robbed of over a million dollars in chips.
It's the annual Cow Days festival, but the cows themselves are not interested in the event as they have become transfixed on a memorial statute.
Julie and Sara lead an investigation into the murder of a young woman whose body was found in a remote location completely covered in car paint.
Kryten attempts to use a technique called 'Intelligence Compression' on Holly,, by reducing her life span, he hopes to restore her I.Q. of 6000.
Eventually, he reveals his mission, which is to destroy Cartman's Trapper Keeper, thereby preventing a massive human VS robot war in the future.
The ship also has a secret cargo, a dangerous trio of vampires, including Spike, who were kidnapped by the Germans and forced to help the Nazis.
Mulder and Scully meet Cassandra Spender, a woman who claims to be a multiple abductee and wants to deliver a positive message about the aliens.
Mulder reluctantly accepts a new partner, Agent Alex Krycek, and requests a strange case because someone put an audio tape in his morning paper.
Pratt hits on Olivia Evans, who works for an anti-violence organization called CeaseFire, and later winds up asking her for help with a patient.
Meanwhile, Fonzie isn't able to run Arnold's by himself in addition to his garage and teaching duties, so he looks to sell his half of Arnold's.
When Garak collapses with terrifying bouts of claustrophobia, Sisko invites Ezri to stay aboard Deep Space Nine as the station's new counsellor.
Part 1 of 2. The series concludes with Grissom and Willows returning to help the CSIs solve a catastrophic case that paralyzes all of Las Vegas.
Part 2 of 2. The series concludes with Grissom and Willows returning to help the CSIs solve a catastrophic case that paralyzes all of Las Vegas.
Rimmer wonders how Lister fathers two children without a woman on board and Lister responds with I dunno, but it'll be a lot of fun finding out!
Sam ponders a baseball comeback, but when he goes to play a few games he discovers most of the players are much younger and immature than he is.
The CSIs investigate when the body of an unidentified young woman is discovered stuffed in an overturned shopping cart near a freeway underpass.
While on the roof arguing with Luka about the use of a helicopter, Romano backs up into the tail rotor, and has his arm severed above the elbow.
Sheldon feels lost after one of his favorite TV shows gets canceled too soon and Amy tries to help him get over his compulsive need for closure.
Stardate: Unknown O'Brien is appointed as the spiritual leader of a Bajoran village when he and Bashir are unable to save the dying predecessor.
Stardate: Unknown While investigating the mysterious suicide of a crew member, Troi and Worf begin to show romantic feeling towards one another.
His sentence is a brain implant which causes him to believe that he has served a 20 year prison sentence, including memories of his time served.
Thanks to his relationship with Quark and Rom's mother Ishka, Grand Nagus Zek announces that he will allow equal rights for women on Ferenginar.
The Doctor and the Thals try to turn the tables on the Daleks and break into the Dalek base before a deadly plague is release in the atmosphere.
A solar tsunami frees the Gangers, and the original people they are based on must decide whether to accept their counterparts or eliminate them.
accompanied by Jordan, Leo testifies before the House committee probing Bartlet's failure to disclose his M.S. during the presidential campaign.
The staff scrambles to respond to pages telling them that the President has been in an accident,, he's fallen off the bike he borrowed from Leo.
It's up to Xena, Gabrielle, Hercules and Iolaus to try to free Prometheus from his chains but whoever is the one who frees him, may end up dead.
Toby meets with a representative from an appropriations committee who wants to funnel money away from Congress's funding of avant-garde artists.
The horse is flushed out with a hose, Hawkeye and B.J. perform an appendectomy on Hot Lips, and all is well when Potter returns, except Klinger.
Buffy and Giles search the Christmas tree lot where she last faced the First, and she encounters a creature out of nightmare called a Turok-Han.
Meanwhile Doggett and Skinner have the final showdown with Alex Krycek and continue to fight off the replicants but how successful will they be?
Woody delves into Sam's legendary black book to find a date to impress his former girl friend, who is coming to Cheers to introduce her fianc'e.
A car accident in the ambulance bay injures a woman with a young child and leaves the mother in need of surgery with a significant recovery time.
A man acquitted of his wife's murder sues Jessica after her latest book appears to be depicting the murder itself and pointing the finger at him.
When it is found out that it is a demon that Cordelia is carrying can Angel and Wesley find a way to prevent the imminent birth from killing her?
An escape pod docks with the Dwarf and is carrying the only survivor of a ship which was attacked by a genetically-engineered corrosive lifeform.
Nina is offered shelter at Wolfram & Hart, but when it turns out that the hunters have a mole in the company, Nina's sanctuary may become a trap.
As the garbage men of Philadelphia strike, Frank comes up with a plan to undermine the union by getting the contract to collect the city's trash.
He considers taking a job in Philadelphia, but decides to stay with County in a no-benefits job after Carla won't agree to a visitation schedule.
Walken and Leo clash after Josh's suspicion that the opposition is using Walken's tenure in the Oval Office to advance their agenda is confirmed.
Catherine testifies in a murder trial in which a man is accused of murdering his own mother three years ago, but the suspect is found not guilty.
Cordelia's fragmented memories from the higher plane tell her that a horrific beast is coming, and that it will bring about the end of the world.
Meanwhile, back at The White House, Will takes over Toby's old job and faces a tough battle when the press briefings are all about the NASA leak.
Back at County, Benton, Carter, and Harper work hard to save a young hit-and-run victim whose bickering parents further complicate the situation.
The first thing Columbo notices upon arrival is a match burned down to the base, something Columbo knows well because it's how you light a cigar.
With an enormous lack of sleep, Carter is called back to County to act as Chen's coach, and is later tempted to use Vicodin to take the edge off.
Unfortunately a Sontaran officer is conducting tests on a group of human colonists to determine their ability to withstand a full-scale invasion,
Ego-maniac Fielding Chase, is a radio talk show host who in order to prevent his daughter from moving to New York, murders a member of his staff.
But what did Scarman unearth on his last visit to Egypt, and how can the Doctor defeat his most powerful foe yet, Sutekh, the God of Destruction?
Fonzie substitutes for Roger in his hygiene class, and, as a prank, the students hide the lesson plan and tell Fonzie they're learning about sex.
Frasier's effort to lighten a dance instructor's harsh criticism of Diane's efforts backfires when she decides to audition for the Boston Ballet.
Howard feels that Joanie has been seeing too much of Chachi lately, so he offers her her own phone if she agrees not to see Chachi for two weeks.
In preparation for the wedding, Ross has the big brother talk with Chandler, telling him that if he ever hurts Monica, he'll kick Chandler's ass.
In the year 1940, two female archaeologists searching for the Xena scrolls end up in an ancient tomb confronting legendary figures from the past.
This image has a heavy impact on Nick, and they soon realize that this stalker is well acquainted with Nick, which makes the CSI the next target.
Join Jonathan Frakes, Next Generation's Commander Riker, for this fascinating chronicle of Gene Roddenberry's beloved, Emmy Award-winning series.
Kazran Sardick, the richest man in Sardicktown, tries to stop the Doctor from rescuing a crashing space liner in a festive edition of Doctor Who.
Told there is nothing that can medically be done to save her, Captain Janeway undergoes a spiritual quest to ask the spirits to spare Kes's life.
Kirk beams down on a diplomatic mission, and finds himself on an Enterprise where all the crew have vanished and only a mysterious woman resides.
Klinger tries to get a Section Eight by pole-sitting, but when Potter finds out a rival commander set a record for it, he has Klinger keep going.
Leo meets with the Israeli Foreign Minister to enlist Israel's assistance with the Shareef investigation, but is ultimately foiled by the Qumari.
Lister finally beats him by using the power of the justice field, whatever crime you commit against someone else, the consequences happen to you.
Meanwhile, Winchester fulfills a family Christmas tradition but has trouble maintaining the anonymity required to keep it a truly charitable act.
however, when Ursula stands Joey up and won't return his calls, Phoebe talks to her and finds out she isn't even planning to tell Joey it's over.
Now Miss Ellen is the new teacher, but that is OK because the boys all have a crush on her, especially Stan, which makes Wendy extremely jealous.
While on the bus, the children have flashbacks to vignettes from previous episodes, except that this time everything ends up involving ice cream.
On her Christmas vacation with her brother's family, Scully receives a mysterious phone call from a familiar voice who says 'She needs your help.
After some talk, Radar gets Hawkeye $3,000 in lost earnings, Hawkeye gives it to Mulcahy for the orphans, but then the army wants the money back.
Our crew desperately try to turn Pete back into a sparrow before the time freeze wears off but Pete eats a scutter who was holding the time wand.
Kryten is jealous because Lister likes Kochanski more then him and is glad when they return to the wormhole to get her back to her own dimension.
Ross becomes a guest lecturer at NYU. He's so worried his presentation won't go well that he panics and presents it with an phony English accent.
Mike discovers that Phoebe has a rat in her apartment, which she treats as a pet, or rather, as an occasional visitor for whom she puts out food.
Joey buys a new chick and duck as a house-warming gift for Chandler and Monica, the previous pair having gone to that special farm for old birds.
Charlie brings the child she has been caring for into the ER. Doug treats the child and feels obligated to report the child's mother for neglect.
However, she later becomes increasingly concerned when it appears that they were not honest about the circumstances of his original assimilation.
Sheldon finds himself booted from the gang's Physics Bowl team and replaced with Leslie, so he forms his own team, hoping to prove he's superior.
Sisko takes command of a new ship named in honor of the Defiant, while Kira, Garak and Damar barely survive a Dominion ambush on Cardassia Prime.
Stardate: Unknown The Enterprise crew tries to mend the relationship between a race known as the Acamarians and a faction known as the Gatherers.
Stardate: Unknown Doctor Crusher is abducted by a group of terrorists while delivering crucial medical supplies to a planet ravaged by civil war.
Stardate: Unknown Sisko encounters Eddington, his former security chief turned Maquis traitor, and he is more desperate to capture him than ever.
Tasha Yar must fight for her life, and a vaccine that will save a race of people, when she is kidnapped and forced to battle her abductor's wife.
The Daleks assemble the leaders of several alien empires, apparently intending to unite them in an Alliance which will then declare war on Earth.
The Doctor and his companions are escorted to the Sense-Sphere where they attempt to negotiate with the Sensorites for the release of the TARDIS.
Kochanski gets an idea from Epideme and temporarily kills Lister, allowing the virus to enter her, but she uses a fake arm, thus killing Epideme.
The gang tries to convince Frasier that Rebecca desires him after he quarrels with Lilith and Rebecca replaces Sam's picture with one of herself.
While the adults try to find creative solutions to deal with the homeless, the boys are trying to figure out a way to solve the problem for good.
The rest of the gang is interviewed by the FBI for Howard's security clearance, with Sheldon accidentally letting slip some damaging information.
Unfortunately for Buffy, that's exactly what Sunnydale does do, and, as the Slayer soon discovers, escaping one's destiny doesn't come so easily.
The U.K. Prime Minister threatens to retaliate by bombing nuclear reactor sites, which could doom future support for political reformers in Iran.
Donna asks Josh to find out if Jack Reese likes her, and is horrified to discover some of the anecdotes about her that Josh has shared with Jack.
While attending a carnival on the Chino-planet of Shan Shen, Donna is cajoled into having her fortune read, where her past is carefully examined.
Her actions catch the attention of a young girl named Gabrielle, who follows Xena in the hopes of finding a life of adventure as Xena's sidekick.
While they are searching for it, Cat is chased by his own heat-seeking bazookoid balls, and eventually manages evade them and lock them in a room.
Realizing his lack of understanding of the fighting, Mulcahy accompanies Radar to an aid station, where they encounter the real war at first hand.
Hawkeye receives love letters addressed to another Benjamin Pierce, another man has approached B.J.'s wife, and Radar's mom has found a boyfriend.
After a man sees a woman trapped inside a bowling alley pin setter, he goes for help and finds police standing next to the body of the same woman.
An Army PR man tries to get a North Korean pilot to defect, while Charles gets a rude shock when he falls for a French nurse with a Bohemian past.
In the meantime,Gabrielle and Aphrodite go to desperate lengths to separate the two before sunsetwhile keeping Xena's body safe from the bad guys.
To gain more insight into the group and its practices, Mulder and Scully enlist criminal profiler Frank Black to assist them in the investigation.
No sooner does Jessica get to New Orleans then she is tossed into a Mardi Gras party where the host ends up dead, and Cal is accused of the crime.
Buffy and Spike begin to train the Potential Slayers, while Willow's magick determines that there is another Potential right at home in Sunnydale.
However, even stronger reactions occur when Ross is taking care of Ben and Phoebe checks the temperature of the bottled breast milk by tasting it.
Catherine, however, believes he did commit the crime and that he may also have killed two other people, so she sets out to find the other victims.
Monica contacts a restaurant head-hunter to see if there's a chef position in Tulsa, and ends up getting a great offer for a position in New York.
Phoebe decides to give Monica her grandmother's chocolate-chip cookie recipe as an engagement present, but discovers it was destroyed in the fire.
Columbo is called in to solve the murder of Hollywood gossip journalist Verity Chandler whose last target was Eric Prince, mortician to the stars.
But without one major clue, Columbo arrests the son to force Cahill, who was willing to kill for his son, to confess his crime to protect the boy.
Public schoolboy Turlough is given an offer by the Black Guardian, he can have that which he most desires, in return for the murder of the Doctor,
But when vampires massacre a group of students on campus, she realizes that she must face her destiny in order to save her friends, and the world.
ER patient satisfaction scores are very low, so Susan enlists Luka to teach the residents how to communicate more effectively with their patients.
It's quid pro quo at the 4077th, two bottles of Scotch for secret surgery, and a tank to scare off snipers for an unauthorized shot of penicillin.
Kryten complains to Lister about being placed in the women's wing of the prison and makes the fatal mistake of revealing he showers with them too.
Lieutenant Colonel Harold Beckett lies wounded in post-op waiting to get back to the front for five more days of combat duty to get his promotion.
Luka's carefully arranged formal dinner for the ER staff gives Abby the surprise of a lifetime when she discovers the real reason for the evening.
Malucci saves the man's life and celebrates by having sex with the paramedic in an ambulance, which ultimately results in his dismissal by Weaver.
Mark spends his entire day working on one patient, against Anspaugh's decree that ER attendings and residents should handle 2.5 patients per hour.
Potter sends for Sidney Freedman when he loses confidence in his surgical abilities, and Winchester loses patience with his bunkmates' sloppiness.
Joey makes it to Vegas but the movie is shutting down from lack of funds, leaving Joey trying to make ends meet as a gladiator at Caesar's Palace.
Reports of an oncoming storm has everyone in Philadelphia including the gang preparing for the worst except for Frank who believes it's just hype.
Richie, via the column, suggests they literally draw a line down the center of the room and for Ralph to stay on one side and Potsie on the other.
things get hot between Joey and Kate during rehearsal, however, and they end up sleeping together, but it means more to Joey than it does to Kate.
Ross makes Emma laugh for the first time, by singing Baby Got Back, which offends Rachel, until she finds she can't make Emma laugh any other way.
Ross, upset about it being the anniversary of his first time with Carol, goes to a hockey game with Chandler and Joey and gets a puck in the face.
Adding to the mystery are the cart's other contents, an expensive handbag, fashion magazines and a leather day planner with notes written in code.
Aided by a conspirator posing as a patient, their desperate actions place a doctor in harm's way and force a nurse to become a tool in their plan.
Season Finale, Carter's last day at County General is marked by a surprise gathering and an 11-year-old patient he delivered as a medical student.
Several suspects in a murder case are UFO-club members who believe shape-shifting aliens have been working to conquer the human race for centuries
Gabrielle learns that she can bring Xena back to life by burning her body and putting the ashes in a magic spring before sunset on the second day.
Quark is appointed Zek's successor, and he is determined to overthrow new democratic changes that have just been implemented into Ferengi society.
Abby discovers that Luka had Nicole hired as a runner, even though she doesn't know what she's doing, and flirts with a fireman with a broken leg.
Doug turns down an offer to celebrate with Linda Farrell, instead getting more serious with Diane as he agrees to coach Jake's Little League team.
The CSIs redouble their efforts when they learn the main suspect in the Gig Harbor killings is being released from jail due to a lack of evidence.
The Doctor and Clara investigate a haunted house and join a psychic and a professor who are seeking the mysterious ghost of the Witch of the Well.
They will require a strong leader to guide them, however, and they choose Steven, who leaves the Doctor's company to lead the newly united people.
The kid is sent in to replace Kenny in the Krazy Kenny show, as Kenny himself seems to have been arrested for, indecent behavior with Howard Stern
The boys learn about Hell in church, except, of course, for Kyle, and about baptism, making confession, and taking communion to avoid going there.
Chasing a faint vapour trail which may lead to their mothership, the crew travel through an asteroid field containing lost and crashed spaceships.
But when flies pour out of the victims eye sockets, they find themselves relying on Scully's expertise and they ask her to join the investigation.
He manages to get a message to Skinner who finds Kritschgau and together they try to understand what is happening to Mulder before it is too late.
While out at a cabin in the woods, Sheldon, Leonard, Penny and Amy play a game of Never Have I Ever which reveals some of their deep dark secrets.
Woody's extracurricular work as a gravedigger may pay for Kelly's engagement ring, but it also jeopardizes his first meeting with her grandmother.
Susan worries that Chuck was onboard, although it turns out he wasn't, even though he does have some internal injuries, which he will recover from.
Reluctantly, Mulder accepts Krycek's help and tracks the rock to Russia where he discovers an elaborate test being performed by Russian scientists.
Meanwhile, Howard and Bernadette argue over what to do with his Doctor Who TARDIS, so Raj and Amy try to settle things with a game of table tennis.
A strong windstorm affects the M*A*S*H personnel in varying ways, Hawkeye and most of the unit busy themselves securing items that could blow away.
A violent murder in a casino parking garage and another episode in the police interview room lead the CSIs to one shocking discovery after another.
Carter treats a young girl whose boyfriend has been interfering with her pregnancy by feeding her herbal root extracts to cause a natural abortion.
When a guilty feeling Gabrielle begs her forgiveness, Xena tells her the rest of her history with Lao Ma, Borias and Lao Ma's son the Green Dragon.
In search of another suspect, Dennis and Dee do a little role-playing in order to help themselves better understand who they might be dealing with.
He leaves the house determined not to come back until he finds a career that would be sufficient to support Joanie should they get married one day.
Eudora's husband, Hank, arrives to collect her, but things grow more complicated when an investigator that had been following Eudora winds up dead.
Plotting revenge, Kryten steals four flagons of illegal alcohol from an inmate and leaves it in Lister and Rimmer's cell just before an inspection.
Toby must deal with Senator Gilette who threatens to make a third party run for president due to the tone of the changes on social security reform.
Carter trains Benton's new med student, Deb Chen, while Carol has her hands full with an emotionally challenged patient who's obsessed with colors.
Chef organizes a protest against the South Park flag, which depicts four white stick figures hanging a black stick figure, and apparently cheering.
This leads to an attack in her compartment and a demand for 'it'. She has no idea what 'it' is and is rescued by a man claiming to be a journalist.
Dennis and Mac make a decision to take away all rules concerning moral and behavioral etiquette at Paddy's after a argument about the Constitution.
The Doctor is placed in an automated compost hopper and only Sarah Jane can save him, but will it be too late before the Krynoid grows to fruition?
Meanwhile, Richie and Lori Beth argue about what they've spent on each other's gifts, and Joanie is upset at Howard for getting an artificial tree.
After some changes of heart, back and forth they finally move in together, until one morning Gary shoots a bird that's chirping outside the window.
When Cordelia's college crush shows up on campus with a friend who has eyes for Buffy, Cordelia convinces Buffy to come with her to the frat party.
Willow is completely in her element in a place of higher learning, and Oz, whose band has played on campus several times, is right at home as well.
Mulder prepares to take Jeremiah and one of the clones to see his mother in hospital but the bounty hunter catches up with them and kills Jeremiah.
Jessica is booked for a seminar in Australia when she gets word that she may have claim to an inheritance in the area, land used for sheep grazing.
Weaver has used the money that Romano left to the hospital and unveils the Robert Romano Center for Gay, Lesbian, Bi and Transgendered Health Care.
Margaret, calling from Tokyo, holds the camp in suspense until she returns with the news of her engagement to Lieutenant Colonel Donald Penobscott.
With Skinner's condition worsening Mulder seeks assistance from Senator Matheson who he hopes can provide some answers and help him to find a cure.
Luka's burgeoning sex addiction worsens, as an affair with Chuny is revealed, and tensions rise when he treats a patient with a perpetual erection.
Jed plays simultaneous chess games with Sam and Toby while he plays delicate diplomatic and military games with the Chinese government over Taiwan.
One of Margaret's nurses tries to hide her severe drinking problem, and Hawkeye is scorned after a practical joke he plays on Winchester backfires.
Penny feels threatened when another sexy woman moves into the apartment building and angered when she senses the guys are being taken advantage of.
Rachel convinces Bonnie to shave her head again, which results in a confrontation between Rachel and Ross in which she reveals she still loves him.
Chandler, whose middle name turns out to be Muriel blocks the promotion of Bob, who is under a 5-year mistaken notion that Chandler's name is Toby.
Deeply disturbed by what she has seen, Joyce rallies the adults of Sunnydale, convincing them to rid the town of all magical and occult influences.
Meanwhile, B.J. feels responsible when he's unable to rescue a wounded soldier, and is less than impressed when he is presented with a Bronze Star.
An injured Korean surrenders to get medical help from Hawk and BJ. Upon Radar's return, the Korean helps repair the bus and get them out of danger.
Raj wrestles with dating two women at the same time, Penny is offered a part in a trashy movie and Sheldon can't decide between two gaming systems.
When Kyle, Stan, Kenny and Cartman pick on Token for being the only rich kid in town, Token lures other affluent people like himself to South Park.
He reads a book about abnormal psychology and begins to think that there's something really wrong with him, so he seeks the help of a psychiatrist.
Mr and Mrs Geller have told all their friends that Ross and Rachel are married, so they have to make up stories about their engagement and wedding.
Joey didn't know he was supposed to get Emma a present, so where he hears that Phoebe has written Emma a song, he decides to do a dramatic reading.
When the house next to their's goes up for sale, Chandler and Monica check it out and are disturbed to find Janice as their potential new neighbor.
Sam commissions a portrait of Diane from an artist so obnoxious that he soon forbids Diane to continue posing for him, an order Diane won't accept.
They soon find themselves caught between the Mai-Mai and the Congolese army with several patients, among them an injured young girl and her mother.
Season Premiere, In the minutes following last season's finale, multiple departments spring into action to deal with the aftermath of the shooting.
Drusilla has left him, and he will do anything to win her back, including kidnapping Willow and Xander to force Willow to prepare him a love spell.
The new OR attending declines to perform an illegal organ donation procedure between two HIV positive people, but Carter convinces Corday to do it.
Stardate: Unknown Troi is abducted and surgically altered by the Romulans as part of a ploy to smuggle intelligence operatives into the Federation.
However, Picard accidentally stumbles over a terrorist group who are stealing highly toxic and instable waste matter from the Enterprise's engines.
Stardate: Unknown Four young officers struggle to prove themselves, and soon become involved in a top-secret, potentially life-threatening mission.
Stardate: Unknown Rom breaks Ferengi law and organises a Union movement in order to improve the working conditions Quark subjects his employees to.
Stardate: Unknown While searching for minerals on a planet, Sisko, Dax, O'Brien, Worf, and Muniz discover the wreckage of a crashed Jem'Hadar ship.
Ted, Dougal and a host of other misfit priests become lost in Europe's largest lingerie department, and an ecclesiastical scandal seems inevitable.
The Doctor tries to delay the Master's departure until he has the TARDIS. But the Master has a few weapons to unleash on the Doctor and his allies,
Mysterious heartbeat sounds are echoing through the pipes, there have been drops in pressure, and contact has been lost with several offshore rigs.
In South Park, Mephesto creates a species of mutant turkeys that terrorize the town, and everybody enters a Braveheart, style war with the turkeys.
Hawkeye and Trapper are left the task of following instructions to disarm the bomb, which turns out to be full of propaganda leaflets from the CIA.
During the night, the woman inside breaks out, covered in rotting skin and dead flesh and climbs into bed with Lister, who believes it's Kochanski.
Leonard and Penny go through a hard time getting their Christmas tree and Howard and Bernadette have a hard time getting their baby to stop crying.
Between trying to protect her egg and dealing with the vampire brothers Lyle and Tector Gorch, Buffy doesn't notice that her egg is about to hatch.
Trapped in a universe of anti-matter, the Doctors must confront their captor, a figure from Time Lord legend now in possession of a terrible power.
Doctor Carter surprises the staff with a visit to the ER. Gates treats a strange patient who may have ingested a toxin while hunting for mushrooms.
It will be a difficult trip for a young boy to make alone so Butters chooses Kenny to travel with him to the distant and secluded island of Hawaii.
They must infiltrate the original Starship Enterprise in order to stop an undercover Klingon from assassinating the legenday Captain James T. Kirk.
With Darla's contractions getting closer together, the Angel Investigations gang is surprised when she flies into a frenzy and runs away from them.
With Miss Garrison out of the school in search of a way to be the man he was always intended to be, Cartman is given authoritah over the classroom.
To make her see things in a new light, each tells Alesia their version of a fairy tale while battling three warlords out to steal the crown jewels.
A distraught Frasier ends up on a ledge after Lilith informs him that she wants to spend a year away from him, sealed in a biosphere with her lover.
When they get back to the ship, Lister tears the pages from his diary and puts the last piece of the jigsaw into place, closing the cycle of events.
Bartlet and Will have a spirited discussion on Colombian recertification, which is ultimately rendered moot when Air Force One doesn't land on time.
An alien abduction of two teenagers with different versions of the same facts prompts a science-fiction novelist to write a book about the incident.
The gang figure out a way to combat the lifeform by creating a doorway into an opposite universe and finding the opposite to the corrosive material.
When Angel and Cordelia sneak backstage to investigate, they find themselves consumed with an unnaturally sudden and strong passion for one another.
With Fred and Gunn, he breaks into a auction house to find the Axis, but a beautiful burglar with electrical powers seems to have had the same idea.
As Chief Justice Ashland's health problems continue to mount, Joe Quincy, Ashland's former clerk, is pressed into service to persuade him to retire.
after receiving some wise advice from Leo about the future, Josh makes a decision about the man he'll support in the upcoming presidential election.
After Johnny turns up dead, Bill finds himself reluctantly partnered with the pooch as he tries to find out who murdered Johnny, and who wants Jack.
Captain Kirk becomes increasingly erratic and orders the Enterprise into Romulan space, where the ship is captured by a beautiful Romulan commander.
When Buffy, and all the other women who see RJ, also fall in love with him, Spike and Xander must team up to discover the source of this attraction.
While boarding, Ross goes back to get his jacket and discovers that Emily has arrived and has witnessed the two of them preparing to leave together.
Diane's fascination with Sam's older brother brings their long simmering relationship to a boil when the sibling asks Diane to go to Paris with him.
During the annual Blood Fest convention, shocking violence erupts between the vampires and the werewolves, ancient rivals who cannot abide betrayal,
As the Industrial Revolution gathers pace, the village of Killingworth is disturbed by crazed miners intent on smashing all machinery and engineers.
Meanwhile, Joanie is upset that she and Chachi don't go out as much as they used to, and Howard and Marion argue about love letters he wrote to her.
Fonzie faces jumping a caged shark on water skis, and Richie decides whether or not he wants to sign the Paramount Pictures contract he was offered.
Frank tries to distinguish himself by selling the camp garbage, but it's Hawkeye who finds a use for it, he dumps it on a troublesome Colonel Coner.
Grady gets into a spot again when he is found with the body of woman known from college days and now had been dating a frat brother who was married.
While Rachel and Phoebe wonder how to keep Monica from finding out Chandler is missing, Phoebe finds a positive pregnancy test in Monica's bathroom.
In the Season 8 finale, Leonard and Penny are pressured to set a wedding date by Sheldon, whose relationship with Amy has taken an interesting turn.
Korn and the rest of South Park start seeing pirate ghosts, or are they ghost pirates? around the pier, making the concert a distinct impossibility.
However, when Jimbo and Ned are busted with their contraband, the town is forced to light the worlds largest snake for South Park's big celebration.
Donna's aunt and uncle from Wisconsin pay a visit, testing Josh's ability to refrain from bad cheesehead jokes during their tour of the White House.
Kate and the rest of the force seem to be completely unable to control their emotions and focus on their jobs, and this distraction may turn deadly.
Leonard faces a dilemma in choosing between Sheldon or Penny to accompany him to Switzerland to see CERN's Large Hadron Collider on Valentine's Day.
While Phoebe is out, he agrees to give a massage, thinking the client is a beautiful young woman, but it turns out to be her old, overweight father.
Mulder and Scully are called in to investigate a series of murders where the victims are all in some way related to a wealthy, well-educated doctor.
Once again, Mulder must race against time to find who is behind the killings before the doctor and, more importantly Scully become the next victims.
Prompted by a question from Janice, the group has a flashback revealing events which occurred three years earlier, Chandler searches for a roommate.
With the deadline looming, the gang is still short $1017.38 for H. R. Buchanan's note, so Fonzie volunteers to ride a killer bull for a $1000 prize.
The Old Lister tells them that it was Lister's son that Rimmer saw in the drive room and tells Lister to grab his camera and run to the medical bay.
Worried that Rachel won't want to move back in with her, she tries to rive a wedge between Joey and Rachel by giving Joey a drumset and a tarantula.
Sam introduces everyone to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, an old fan, but Rebecca later believes the old man stole her diamond earrings.
Sam returns to the mound for a charity softball game against Playboy bunnies, but his competitive spirit ruins the day when he strikes them all out.
Seth vanishes and every one is sure there was foul play, but that's not the only game in town as two newcomers seem to have it in for Evan Rafferty.
Spock kidnaps his former captain, the crippled Christopher Pike, and heads for a quarantined planet, putting his career and Kirk's life on the line.
Modifications to one of the characters, Moriarty, cause him to take on consciousness and a will of his own, leading to some unexpected consequences.
Information on the signal points to a ship launched in 2123 by a European hegemony carrying equipment from two very different eras in human history.
Stardate: Unknown Picard meets with his older brother in France, and contemplates resigning his Starfleet commission after his ordeal with the Borg.
Stardate: Unknown While visiting Deep Space Nine, Worf learns that his father is still alive and being held captive in a secret Romulan prison camp.
On the way there, Q finally confirms Picard's suspicion that he is responsible for the time traveling and that the anomaly is related to the shifts.
Benton and Carter score points with Vucelich when Carter convinces an older gentleman, Jules Ruby Rubadoux, to include his wife in Vucelich's study.
But they soon find out that winning was only the beginning, now they're forced to play in the National circuit, and risk wasting their whole summer.
The biggest night in High School life is just around the corner, when strange creatures start appearing around town attacking anyone in formal wear.
The evil version of the crew decides to kill them all, rather than to lose, so they battle each other for survival of the good or death of them all.
The newly-created Dalek-human hybrid, and the other three members of the Cult of Skaro launch an attack on Hooverville, along with their Pig Slaves.
The sophisticated commando tactics used by a gang for robbing busloads of tourists suggests to the A-Team that they're preparing for a bigger score.
Their friendship becomes strained when Sheldon tries to take over Leonard's creation of a smartphone application that solves differential equations.
Stanley, the last tourist is saved by Greg who ends up severely hurt in turn and ends up hospitalized after having to make a life altering decision.
As Voyager and their new allies prepare to engage the Turei, there is reason to fear that the Vaadwaur are more dangerous than originally suspected.
Meanwhile, while trying to rescue Paris and Tuvok, Torres and Chakotay are captured by a militia cell who believe that they are from the government.
Sara ages to death before she can reach the safety of the TARDIS, but the Doctor and Steven escape while the Dalek force on Kembel crumbles to dust.
With the Doctor missing, Donna must work with Rose, a traveler from a parallel universe, to prevent darkness encompassing the whole of the universe.
With Kyle left behind, Cartman makes his way to FOX to get the Family Guy episode pulled, hoping to ultimately get rid of the show once and for all.
Woody gets a big break when he's cast in a commercial for a new vegetable drink but Cliff just feels broken when the new trivia napkins upstage him.
A Los Angeles police officer who is being filmed for the show COPS is attacked by a strange monster and Mulder and Scully are investigating the case.
Mulder and Scully investigate further and find that a monster is trying to live a normal life but sometimes has to kill people because of the hunger.
The poor boy thinks he's firing on MacArthur's headquarters, and a chopper finally comes by and wounds him with gunfire from above, ending the siege.
A sexual sadist walks free after getting a slap on the wrist by the system, and Sara makes it her personal crusade to put the woman back behind bars.
But when Velasca learns that the ultimate prize has the power to make her a Goddess, Xena must find a way to help Gabrielle keep it out of her hands.
As the Amazon tribes unite under Varia to rebuild their Nation, Eve, despite her banishment, returns to make amends for her past crimes against them.
Without revealing her true identify, she arranges to meet with him later, at which time she reveals the truth, but things are still a little awkward.
Commander Benjamin Sisko takes command of the Bajoran space station Deep Space Nine, formerly Terok Nor, recently abandoned by the Cardassian Empire.
Diane tries to help Lilith, the lady psychologist attracted to Frasier, to soften her appearance and surprise Frasier during their television debate.
Later, he finds a photo of Gabriel in tuxedo and sneakers, which makes Columbo wondering why Gabriel would wear fancy shoes, and two sizes too large.
The Captain and the other officers are trying to figure out why they are now in deep space and how the ship has changed shape to its original design.
The Death Zone, where the ancient Gallifreyans once staged gladiatorial games between alien races from throughout the universe, has been reactivated.
General Stockwell interferes with the plans of Murdock and Frankie to free the rest of the A-Team before the Army can execute them by a firing squad.
While in command, Hawkeye's main problem is housing a large group of Korean refugees comprised mainly of rambunctious children who need medical care.
In the traumatic and shocking last scene, a devastated Radar announces that Henry has been killed when his plane was shot down over the Sea of Japan.
When the magician/escape-artist they hired injures himself while attempting the milk-can escape, Fonzie suggests another magician, the Amazing Randi.
Hysteria ensues when a shark attacks a woman in the pool at a Las Vegas casino day club, and the CSIs must determine if the killer is human or shark.
Willow, Xander, Oz, and Cordelia are attempting to keep the Sunnydale vampire population in check during Buffy's absence, with only moderate success.
The jury alternates between wanting to convict him and wanting to set him free, but Jessica realises there's more than just one murder going on here.
Jessica heads to the city to meet with her stockbroker, Philip Royce, but when he winds up dead Jessica finds herself defending his former secretary.
Jessica is visiting her cousin Abby at Langley Estate in Greenville, Virginia, when the estate owner Denton Langley dies after a fall from his horse.
The town pins all their hopes on her once it's learned that Henry, the town's primary financial advisor, seems to have run off with everyone's money!
Joey makes it possible for Monica and Chandler to kiss at midnight on New Years, by arranging kisses between Ross and Phoebe, and Rachel and himself.
One way they think they can help is by performing the Stations of the Cross at church crucifying Cartman and waiting three days for his resurrection.
Upon his rescue, Kryten tells them that Rimmer was captured while on a psy-moon, a terraforming moon that reshapes itself to mimic a persons' psyche.
Meanwhile, Howard convinces Bernadette to spend the weekend with him at his mother's house as a trial run, and Sheldon gets involved in model trains.
Lindsey McDonald, Wolfram & Hart's wunderkind, finally has a crisis of conscience when a vicious, blind assassin is sent after a group of young kids.
Looking to get friendly with Barry Kripke to gain access to a piece of high-tech lab equipment, Sheldon develops a flowchart process to make friends.
Mark finds himself staffing a very crowded ER on his scheduled night off, filling in while Doug is out with whiplash and Susan meets with her lawyer.
They encounter Billy Miles, who has been changed into an alien replicant after his recent abduction and is attempting to erase evidence of the tests.
Mulder and Scully are asked to help in a case involving Robert Patrick Modell, a murderer possessing a psychic ability to force his will onto people.
His boss informs him that he has the potential to become the next Wolfman Jack, and Richie begins to develop an inflated ego and neglect his friends.
Seven is recruited by Captain Braxton of the 29th century timeship Relativity to go back in time and stop an unknown culprit from destroying Voyager.
Also, Data experiences a disturbing facet of human emotions, including anger at being attacked by a Borg drone and feeling pleasure after killing it.
In the mean time, Keiko is seriously injured in an accident, and her developing baby must be transplanted into Major Kira's womb if it is to survive.
Still seething over the downing of an American jet, a vengeful President Bartlet overrules the joint chiefs' plan for a proportional military strike.
Fortunately, Ted's Vietnam-style leadership brings the priests safely out, and for his services to the Church Ted is awarded a coveted Golden Cleric.
The CSI are called in to investigate the stabbing of a couple found at a motel that and discover two other incidents which occurred in the same room.
Before leaving, Grissom offers Doctor Raymond Langston, who helped the CSI's with the Dick & Jane case, a permanent position as part of the CSI team.
Just as they are about to be fully erased, another Kryten appears behind The Inquisitor with one of his own time gauntlets and takes him by surprise.
When Starbug reaches the planet, 600 years have passed for Rimmer, and the Rimmer clones have taken over, banishing the original Rimmer to a dungeon.
The world of illegal dog fighting is explored by Grissom and the rest of the team when they take on the case of a wealthy socialite who was murdered.
Bartlet must decide what the do with 83 Chinese citizens who stowed away on a freighter ship and seek asylum on the grounds of religious persecution.
A series of horribly burned corpses lead to a race of creatures from another dimension whose gender warfare is spilling over into the streets of L.A.
Fifteen years later, the sole survivors, Chakotay and Kim, steal the Delta Flyer in an attempt to send a message back in time and avert the disaster.
They don't like going out onto the streets at night, they don't like making too much noise, and they certainly don't like strangers asking questions.
Kochanski invites them in and Lister discovers, ..Himself! A future version from 5 years in the future, who has found another way to go back in time.
While kickboxing friends of Walker's visit, the son of a recently jailed mob boss vows revenge on those who put him there, a list that includes Alex.
While the Borg Queen tries to convince Seven to willingly rejoin the collective, Janeway mounts a desperate rescue plan to save her captured crewman.
With time, the weather, and the desert against them, the CSI team must work together to find Sara before she dies from the miniature killer's attack.
Xena defeats Mephistopheles, the King of Hell, and an Archangel named Lucifer is sent down from Heaven to force Xena to descend into Hell to rule it.
A 20th century probe carrying three cryogenically frozen humans is detected by the Enterprise while en route to the Neutral Zone to confront Romulans.
Meanwhile, Joyce has been diagnosed with a brain tumor, and while she waits to undergo her operation the tumor is making her act increasingly unusual.
After Kayson's reprimand against Susan is denied, she has a chance to prove herself when he is brought in as a patient after suffering a heart attack.
A clumsy foot soldier, 'Look out below' Conway, finds the quickest way to the crew's heart, boosting morale at the 4077th by cooking gourmet delights.
A reporter with a lot of enemies ends up dead from an apparent suicide, Columbo becomes suspicious since the reporter was blackmailing several people.
A wealthy defense attorney is killed at her son's wedding but Nick's car, containing all the collected evidence is stolen and the case is compromised.
After Martha says goodbye to the Doctor and leaves, he is surprised to find a problem with the TARDIS. Suddenly, a man materializes, the Fifth Doctor.
After spending the night with Raj, Penny is worried that her friendship with the guys is in jeopardy, while Sheldon becomes the paintball team leader.
Meanwhile, the Syndicate are continuing their tests to create a vaccine for the Black Cancer and Marita Covarrubias becomes an unwilling test subject.
Meanwhile, Charles reluctantly demonstrates American medical practices to three Korean medics, and is on the receiving end of their medical expertise.
As everyone but Josh causes Santos to question his choice of Leo as his running mate, Bartlet's investigation into the dangerous press leak continues.
Meanwhile the First contacts Andrew in another attempt to destroy the Potentials and Giles finds himself tongue-tied with the new Potential, Chao-Ahn.
Rachel's other sister, Amy shows up unexpectedly for Thanksgiving and is upset when she finds out Chandler and Monica get Emma if Ross and Rachel die.
Worried that the full truth may scare her off, the gang attempts to hide the scarier parts of their lives from her until she is ready to deal with it.
A contentious family case leads Gates and Ray to differ over the treatment of one child, while Luka and Abby clash when she needs help with the other.
Donna Moss, Percy Fitzwallace, Andrea Wyatt and a couple of congressmen are in the Middle East on a fact finding mission when their cars are blown up.
Doctor Bashir performs an innovative surgery to help cure Sarina, a woman who has been in a cataleptic state since her childhood genetic reshufflling.
During a near-death experience, B'Elanna finds herself aboard the Klingon Death Barge, a spectral vessel which transports dishonored souls to Grethor.
During labor Chen has second thoughts about giving her baby up for adoption, a decision complicated by the adoptive parents' presence at the hospital.
Rachel and Ross, expecting Emma to start talking soon, eliminate offensive words from their conversation and start calling each other Mommy and Daddy.
Face's chances of getting into an exclusive country club are severely hampered by the A-Team's battles on club property with a crooked bank president.
Discord, newly appointed as Goddess of Retribution, gives Xena until sunrise to find the killer or everyone she loves will be taken to the Underworld.
Meanwhile, Richie, Potsie, and Ralph practice for a fraternity festival, and Marion is to hold a paint sale at the hardware store in Howard's absence.
Catherine reopens a cold case in which her best friend was murdered, after the man convicted of the crime claims he's innocent shortly before he dies.
In the 200th episode, one of Ray's former students is murdered, and the investigation plunges the team into the mysterious world of Mexican wrestling.
Jessica is trapped in the rat-infested dungeon of an ancient Irish castle, but uses her ingenuity to get rescued and find the treasure and a murderer.
Rachel, watching the video for the first time, is so moved by Ross' compassion for her that she forgives him for the list and kisses him passionately.
she's a sucker for a 10-gallon hat! . He wants to go home, but Henry refuses, stating Cowboy's wound isn't serious enough to merit a stateside ticket.
Kenny decides that taking his new girlfriend to a Jonas Brothers concert might earn him a special place in her heart, not to mention other body parts.
Meanwhile, Mr Garrison invents an alternative form of transportation that requires the rider to use more than just their hands and legs to control it.
He takes a tension sheet, just bubble-wrap packing paper painted red and goes into a photo of himself at 17 and tells himself to patent the invention.
But almost upon their arrival, the Doctor and Leela find themselves confronting the feared Tong of the Black Scorpion, and a menace from another time.
Monsters hiding under a little boy's bed may be more than just the product of a vivid imagination when agents Harrison, Doggett and Reyes investigate.
Mulder and Scully watch a movie with themselves as characters and are thoroughly disgusted at how they and their case are portrayed on the big screen.
With Decker on the way to pay off the bounty hunters, the A-Team has to find a way to rescue Murdock, the girl and beat Decker and the bounty hunters.
Rebecca has trouble accepting the fact that she cancelled her wedding with Robin and Frasier translates Dickens' classic prose into Boston vernacular.
As the captain of the Enterprise he is about to sign a peace treaty with the Romulans, but he has no memories of the 16 years since that away mission.
Stardate: Unknown Thomas Riker poses as his twin William in order to steal the U.S.S. Defiant and hand it over to the Maquis, of which he is a member.
Add in the fact that some townsfolk dance so much that they simply burst into flame, and it becomes clear that the Gang must stop this musical menace.
The Doctor and Sarah go to investigate, but are too late to prevent the pod infecting a scientist and unleashing a threat to all animal life on Earth,
The CSI team investigates a series of murders by a serial killer who seems to be recreating a particular woman with the corpses of the women he kills.
The Crime Scene crew investigates the gruesome murder of a high-powered, widowed lawyer, while Ray faces that it is time to move on from his old life.
The Enterprise encounters a planet whose culture is patterned on ancient Rome, and holds gladiatorial games that Kirk, Spock, and McCoy must fight in.
The bodies of several recently deceased teen girls are stolen from their graves, and most of the parts are discovered in a dumpster on school grounds.
Principal Victoria rescues Mr Garrison from his stint with the booger, eating, pants crapping kindergarteners and promotes him to teach the 4th grade.
The Doctor, Mel, their old friend Glitz and time-lost waitress Ace go in search of a fabulous treasure, supposedly guarded by a fire-breathing dragon.
The members of an up-and-coming Latin instrumental band get an offer they can't refuse just when they are getting noticed by a more reputable company.
The owner of a bull ranch in Mexico gives his workers the day off, and then talks his number one man into fighting the bull who nearly killed his son.
The town gets a shock when bachelor Mayor Sam is confronted on the speaker's platform by a young woman claiming he is the father of her five children.
Both candidates are campaigning in California with the hopes of stealing the election from the other guy in the hopes of thereby winning the election.
Voyager receives a distress call from a Hirogen training facility, where their holographic prey have become too cunning and dangerous for the hunters.
When Chakotay is stranded on a planet that is in the middle of a major war, he violates the Prime Directive by helping the soldiers that discover him.
Meanwhile, after the boy's encounter with the TV psychic, Kyle is paralyzed with fear at the thought of members of the spirit world watching over him.
When a new kid comes to town, the boys must embrace the latest fad that hits South Park Elementary or risk their status as the coolest kids in school.
When a series of mysterious deaths and disappearances are reported near a lake in a small town, Agents Mulder and Scully are called in to investigate.
However, when B'Elanna learns that the expert is a Cardassian that performed immoral medical experiments during the occupation, she refuses treatment.
When several children are hospitalized after watching a TV show called Smile Time, Angel goes to check out the studio only to be turned into a puppet.
While Lister and Cat discuss the sexiness of Wilma Flintstone, Rimmer gives Kryten a space piloting exam in order for them to become more independent.
But when Buffy, Willow, and Giles realize who and what she really is, they may have to rescue Xander before he becomes the mummy i? 1/2 s next victim.
Xena finds her home town, Amphipolis, deserted and possessed by sinister powers from Hell, which are trapping her mother's soul and those of the town.
A blossoming romance between Father Ted and steamy novelist Polly Clarke threatens to come between a group of visiting nuns and their favourite priest.
Meanwhile, Angel is racked by intense fever dreams and hallucinations of his worst fears intensifying his worries that he will lose authority to Spike.
As Sisko tries to translate the texts on the tablet, Kai Winn pays a visit to Deep Space Nine, demanding that the tablet should be given back to Bajor.
Later, when the three get back it appears as Rimmer's mother, pretending to have slept with Lister, angering Rimmer so much that it feeds off him also.
A restaurateur tries to force the owners of a small diner, Cup A' Joe, to sell out to him, after he arranged a new freeway off-ramp to be built nearby.
A routine day filled with ordinary traumas becomes nightmarish when a distracted Mark critically misdiagnoses a pregnant woman's delivery complication.
A squabble over the thermostat setting leads to Leonard going over to Penny's and recounting for her the story of how he met and moved in with Sheldon.
However the dead woman and another woman found later have similar symptoms, are linked to a health spa selling cures to help slow the effects of aging.
They scramble from the jeep before it is shelled, and Potter urges Hawkeye to shoot in self-defense, against Hawkeye's will, and he does, into the air.
Jessica agrees to search for Neil, and her search leads her to the Carmody circus, and a roustabout named Carl Schumann, who she soon realises is Neil.
After being nothing more than a coatrack for Fonzie's scarf during a rumble, Chachi enters the city boxing championship tournament to earn his respect.
An injured Borg is discovered and brought back to the Enterprise where he is 'repaired' by Doctor Crusher and befriended by Geordi, who names him Hugh.
Angel must do everything in his power to protect Darla and their unborn child when Wolfram & Hart launches a full-scale attack to take mother and baby.
With the help of Debbie, a Red Cross worker, Carter and Gillian find their way to where the bodies from Matenda are kept, but Luka's is not among them.
Carter needs to return to Chicago to take care of his grandmother's estate, and he talks Kem into going with him to have the baby in the United States.
When Kenny is diagnosed with a terminal illness, Stan has trouble dealing with it, but Cartman uses it to lobby Congress to restore stem cell research.
Diane's mother turns up at Cheers with the news that Diane must marry before the next day or her mother will lose her share of Diane's father's estate.
Facing a sentence of death from merciless justice machines, the Doctor must play for time while Romana tries to discover just who Vivien Fey really is.
Father Mulcahy comes down with infectious hepatitis, and Hawkeye has to give the whole camp antibiotics, whilst dealing with a psychosomatic back pain.
Grissom investigates when a worker at a poultry processing plant is found dead in a stun bath used to electrocute chickens before they are slaughtered.
Heart surgeon Barry Mayfield turns his talents turn to murder and plans to kill his mentor, who refuses to release their research findings prematurely.
Joanie and Chachi sneak off to a concert in Chicago and have to stay in the same room, the honeymoon suite, at a motel because it is the only one left.
Despite nothing being final and Fonzie feeling as though the Cunninghams are pushing him to leave, he decides to immediately move out of his apartment.
Bernard takes his new position as head of the Gifts Unit to heart as he gives Charlie a hard time about retrieving the flag so that it can be returned.
It's 1953, the Coronation year of HM Queen Elizabeth II, and the people of Great Britain huddle round their television sets to witness the great event.
Father Maxi denounces the holiday as evil, and expresses his disgust in inviting the band Korn to perform, which could only compound the evil that day.
However, in order to get it from its new owner, they must steal equipment from the station, but this brings them under interrogation from the Dominion.
for the weekend while Lori Beth visits Richie in Greenland, Howard and Marion go to New York on business, and Fonzie is away at a teacher's convention.
Just as Rebecca fears for her sanity because of the erotic dreams she's been having about Sam, multi-millionaire Robin Colcord sweeps her off her feet.
Meanwhile, the doctors are perplexed by the reaction of an Asian-American war hero who tries to kill himself when he's told that he will be going home.
Kryten is developing photos in the photo lab when he discovers that they can move, to which Holly suggests that the developing fluid must have mutated.
Rachel wants to help Amy be a better, more responsible person, so when Emma's nanny gets sick, Rachel decides to let her take care of Emma for the day.
While there, Rachel discovers that her temporary replacement, Gavin it determined to take over her job permanently, so she returns to work immediately.
Picking the wrong night for mother-daughter bonding, Joyce discovers the bodies of two children in the park, apparently sacrificed in an occult ritual.
Rebecca parties hearty to hide her second thoughts after Robin finally pops the question and Frasier develops a passion for the new sing-along machine.
Sam tries to beat Gary at his own game in a grudge basketball game by recruiting Boston Celtics' star Kevin McHale as a substitute bartender at Cheers.
Something has been unleashed aboard the Hyperion III. The Doctor's investigations are being foiled, however, by a ruthless killer among the passengers,
Just as everyone starts to feel really good about what they're doing to help save the earth, a stormy dark mass has started accumulating over the town.
Stardate: Unknown Sisko, Bashir, Kira and Kai Opaka become stranded on a planet ravaged by war where the inhabitants can't die and are unable to leave.
Stardate: Unknown Gul Dukat asks Kira to help him search for Bajoran prisoners of war, one of which is his half Cardassian/half Bajoran daughter Ziyal.
Stardate: Unknown Odo is ordered to protect First Minister Shakaar, however, he becomes jealous when Kira and Shakaar become involved with one another.
Meanwhile, in an attempt to catch Laura's husband and his crack team of assassins, D.B. Russell decides to send a message, by faking Catherine's death.
The CSIs are called to three different crime scenes in one night that are seemingly unrelated, but each case's forensic evidence reveals a common link.
The Doctor and his companions continue to investigate Salamander, trying to find evidence of Kent's accusations that he intends to take over the world.
The Enterprise crew is trapped in paradise when they come to rescue colonists who have fallen to pacifying alien spores and become infected themselves.
The TARDIS is on a countdown to disaster when it crashes, and the Doctor has 30 minutes to find Clara and stop an explosion that will destroy his ship.
They discover a series of stasis chambers where a small group of people are mentally connected to an artificial environment that turned horribly wrong.
The leader of the World Canadian Bureau takes the country into a long and painful strike, demanding some of that Internet money from the other Nations.
Meanwhile, Ike is going to have his Bris, but when the boys find out what that actually means, Kyle tries to save his little brother from the ceremony.
The team tries to figure out who's responsible for the death of a hooker whose death photo was put on the Internet, first as a joke, and then for real.
A flu bug sweeps through the ER. Carter tries to help a kid with muscular dystrophy while Cleo treats a kid who's been injecting hormones into himself.
Trying to escape from a volcanic eruption, the Doctor activates the TARDIS's emergency circuits, taking his ship out of real time and space altogether.
When Cartman finds out that the girls have a device that can see into the future, the boys come up with a plan to have Butters go undercover to get it.
When Trivette goes undercover into jail to destroy a drug ring, the transport crashes, and all the prisoners escape, and Trivette is trapped with them.
When Voyager is offered shore leave by the Sikarans, Harry Kim discovers advanced technology that would send Voyager 40,000 light years closer to home.
When a TV news reader dies during an on-air power cut, the CSI team must figure out who could have had time to kill her before the lights came back on.
When the guys learn that Dee is pregnant, they attempt to piece together what transpired at last year's Halloween party to figure out who's the father.
When they finally return home from their nights out, Buffy is ashamed of having slept with Spike and Willow is exhausted from casting spells all night.
While exploring a strange form of energy in a region of space, a little girl's imaginary friend becomes real and places the Enterprise in great danger.
With his friends knowing how sour he acts when sick, and avoiding him as a result, Sheldon is nursed for by Penny, who hasn't a clue what she's in for.
However, when a mysterious warrior woman shoots Xena with a poison arrow, Xena is dying and Gabrielle is forced to pose as Xena to clear everything up.
Knowing that Amer-Asian children are often mistreated in Korean society, the troop sets about the frustrating task of finding a new home for the infant.
A controversy occurs when the President-Elect places a telephone call to the president of China and espouses a different viewpoint from that of Bartlet.
After a day of fishing with Howard, Chachi gets to thinking about his future when he realizes that being a success in the music business is a long shot.
As the film continues to break, tensions rise, until Mulcahy plays the piano, Radar does his impersonations, and everyone acts out scenes from the film.
Frank then withdraws his request when he thinks he's found gold himself, although the joke is on him when he finds, amongst other things, a gilded jeep!
While they are gone, Spike decides to have a little fun with his BuffyBot but the gang mistakes it for the real Buffy and think that she has gone crazy.
Mulder learns that the final stage of the conspiracy will soon begin with the hybridization of the Syndicate members and he must stop it from happening.
Captain Sisko and his crew embark on a mission to expose Gowron as a Changeling who wants to engage a war between the Federation and the Klingon empire.
Captain Tom Greenleigh of Stars and Stripes comes to the 4077th to write an article about Charles, which makes him act even more egotistical than usual.
at first he's terrible, but later, when he really needs to go to the bathroom his nervous energy impresses the producers and star, and he gets the part.
Charlie and Dee's romantic involvement with two members of a wealthy family fosters jealousy from the rest of the gang who desire the wealthy lifestyle.
Commander Sisko must deal with an impending alliance between the Federation and the Dominion, while Odo makes a starling discovery about his own people.
Weaver and Kovac are helpless to assist a severely comatose woman whose longtime life partner is not legally empowered to make decisions about her care.
The open positions get filled and he's depressed about not getting chosen, until he learns that he's being offered a better position, Junior Copywriter.
Finally, the night ended with a showing of 'Gunmen of the Apocalypse', what better way to end the night than by watching the Emmy Award winning episode.
In the afterglow of their intimate encounter, Rebecca becomes determined to deny that it ever happened, to the gang at the bar, to Robin and to herself.
But when a fellow student goes missing and Buffy suspects supernatural badness, she begins to think that college life may not be so different after all.
Meanwhile, Raj tries to move his relationship with Lucy into a new direction by introducing her to his friends, but he fears that she may not like them.
Major Kira's very identity comes into crisis as she is abducted by the Obsidian Order and told that she is one of their long-term undercover operatives.
Nick thinks that the little girl may still be alive, but Sara is doubtful, thinking that Nick's recent near-death experience is affecting his judgement.
Penny's criticism of Wolowitz's romantic life pushes him into depression and AWOL for a fighting robot battle the rest of guys are depending on him for.
Joey gives the gang tickets to a one-woman play, Why Don't You Like Me? to get rid of them while he has a party for his Soap Opera buddies, on the roof.
The guys have to promote science careers for women at Howard's old middle school, while the girls go to Disneyland and get made up as Disney Princesses.
Sam goes to Mexico to open a new bar for the company, robbing Rebecca of her fiance and her only defense against the marriage proposal of her baby boss.
Sheldon's fear of speaking in front of large groups threatens his ability to accept an award, so the gang tries to help him get ready for the big night.
He begins a letter to Sigmund Freud as a form of self-therapy, and releases his tension in the form of a practical joke with B.J., aimed at Frank Burns.
Despite these dangers, Cory discovers that the Daleks have formed an alliance with several other alien species, intending to launch a war against Earth.
Buffy is preoccupied with her budding relationship with Parker and eventually sleeps with him, but she is devastated when he grows distant the next day.
Stardate: Unknown A mysterious hyper-aging sickness kills the crew of a Federation cargo ship, and Doctor Pulaski must race against time to find a cure.
Data claims that they had only lost thirty seconds, but the crew begins to discover clues that Data may be lying about more than just that small detail.
Stardate: Unknown While on a quest to summon a vision of Kahless, Worf questions his faith when the real Kahless rises from the dead to lead the Empire.
Stardate: Unknown Riker is reunited with Admiral Pressman, his former captain, when Pressman wants the Enterprise to find his missing ship, the Pegasus.
Stardate: Unknown A pregnant Lwaxana Troi arrives on Deep Space Nine, distressed over the prospect of having her child taken away by its Tavnian father.
A vengeance demon friend of Anya's visits and questions her relationship with Xander, leaving Anya worried about their soon-to-be-married life together.
To make matters worse, there are only two parachutes to go around many more priests, so Ted devises a way for the priests to compete for the parachutes.
He thus survives, and since there's a copy of his mind inside the sphere, he is able to use the resonance to turn Skagra's possessed slaves against him.
With the TARDIS wrecked, and the sonic screwdriver destroyed, the new Doctor has just 20 minutes to save the whole world, and only Amy Pond to help him.
The Doctor, Bill, Nardole, and Missy respond to a distress signal and find a colony ship caught in a temporal disturbance caused by a nearby black hole.
The rest go to face him and Lister finally destroys The Inquisitor with the old backfiring time-gauntlet trick which erases The Inquisitor from history.
There's trouble in paradise when Amy discovers Sheldon signed up for a one-way mission to colonize Mars, and the two get into a dogfight at a pet store.
But C.J. has made an agreement with Abbey to allow the President to get more rest, and she is reluctant to awaken him at 5 A.M. to deal with the crisis.
She also battles Luka over calling the authorities about an illegal sweatshop employing one of his patients, which causes the owners to torch the place.
While examining the solar flares of the sun Delos, the Enterprise receives a distress signal from a freighter that is about to crash on a nearby planet.
The amnesiac Scoobies must piece together their lives and find a way to reverse the spell while dealing with the usual incursion of demons and vampires.
However, their old nemesis,, the vampire hunter, Holtz,, is now in present day L.A., and after hundreds of years he is finally closing in on his quarry.
Zehra, The Queen of Cons, convinces Gabrielle, who is looking to spread her message of peace, to stage a play based on some of her adventures with Xena.
A United Nations delegation tours the 4077th, a Swede, a Hindu, and a British officer, and each leaves a lasting effect on the men and women of the camp.
A defecting Romulan warns the Federation about an impending attack by the Romulans, who are allegedly establishing a secret base within the Neutral Zone.
A former political adviser offers to trade a diary, which could damage some leading politicians, for a reunion with his daughter, who Face is hitting on.
Then, when Paris and Tuvok discover that the program has been altered, they and the Voyager crew must race to stay one step ahead of a holographic Seska.
A local dog bites Radar, and the camp conducts a search to find the pooch, so that Radar doesn't have to undergo a series of painful rabies vaccinations.
They must set their differences aside and work together in order to save the infant's life, while Voyager's search mission is delayed by an alien attack.
Jessica suspects another motive and discovers a case involving a con man, an ambitious hotel detective, an unknowing heiress and a dashing British agent.
There, they discover a series of cryo-stasis chambers containing humans abducted from Earth during the 1930s, including Amelia Earhart and her navigator.
After encountering a damaged Malon freighter, a repair crew from Voyager tries to contain a toxic chemical leak that threatens a nearby inhabited planet.
Susan breaks it off with Carter when she realizes his feelings for Abby, while news and gossip spreads through the ER of Elizabeth and Mark's separation.
While in Italy, they also attempt to retrieve the head of a fallen demon leader to prevent a perilous power struggle between several warring demon clans.
Despite his reservations, Angel is forced to bring Connor into conflict with an old adversary, Sahjahn to prevent his son's memories from being restored.
As a cure for the increased tension at the 4077th, Potter obtains a copy of his favorite film, My Darling Clementine, and makes a social event out of it.
As the country becomes obsessed with a popular program for losing weight, the boys see their opportunity to become sponsored by a major restaurant chain.
as the search for Mrs Landingham's replacement continues, Charlie finds the perfect candidate, who makes less than a stellar first impression on Bartlet.
Buffy has parental issues when Joyce comes home with a boyfriend, the computer expert and master chef Ted, whose charming personality impresses everyone.
There the crew discover Legion, a highly intelligent, sophisticated and cultured lifeform conceived out of an experiment by a group of famous scientists.
It is Legion who gives Rimmer a new hardlight holo-projection unit, enabling him to become a normal human, able to touch, feel, eat, and experience pain.
At South Park Elementary, there is a debate over the issue, with Stan and Kyle leading a team for the flag, and Wendy and Cartman leading the opposition.
Colonel Lynch finally captures the A-Team, but higher authorities assign the A-Team to rescue an army general and his daughter from kidnappers in Borneo.
Cordelia wakes up from her coma and is shocked and unhappy to discover that Angel and the gang are no longer fighting Wolfram & Hart, they're running it.
Doug faces possible criminal charges after Ricky Abbott dies when Ross shows Joi how to bypass system lockouts to give Ricky a lethal dosage of dilaudin.
Fonzie and Chachi's grandmother becomes very upset at them for suggesting that she move into a retirement home after they observe some signs of senility.
Jim Brass is head of the unit and is trying to scare Gribbs from CSI. Catherine Willows, mother of a young daughter, is the number two CSI on this shift.
The still-grieving TARDIS crew arrive as the Doctor finally makes good his promise to Tegan, and the Doctor volunteers his services to solve the mystery,
Henry bids a tearful adieu, but not before Klinger turns up in an outrageous tropical outfit, and gets Henry to zip him up, and he gets to kiss Margaret.
In a house in Victorian England, aliens plot to overthrow the government, forcing the Doctor to release an ancient creature from the cellar to stop them.
In part one of this two-part seventh season opener Grissom and Catherine handle the case of a woman's dead body found at Cirque du Soleil by a performer.
In the fifth episode of the six-part story The Seeds of Death, the Doctor has managed to escape the possibility of a fatal materialization in Deep Space.
Jessica heads to Colton, West Virginia, after her former student Molly Connors is arrested and charged with the murder of local businessman Tyler Morgan.
Meanwhile, Mr Garrison has been re-hired to teach Kindergarten, and there is a dispute beetween Ike and Fillmore as to who should be the class president.
Included are new interpretations of classic songs, and two entirely new songs, Christmastime In Hell by Satan and Merry F**king Christmas by Mr Garrison.
On the Season 10 finale, Sheldon's former admirer, Doctor Ramona Nowitzki, turns up while Amy is visiting Princeton, and the gang is extremely concerned.
Rachel, realizing how great Ross is, changes her mind, but she reaches the coffee shop only in time to see Ross hook up with Mona, from Monica's wedding.
With the planet threatening to fall into the Black Hole, the Doctor must make the ultimate sacrifice, but can he save the entire universe from the Beast?
Seven's life is at risk when her cortical implant, essential for regulating her implants and balancing them with her human physiology, starts to degrade.
Stardate: Unknown While escorting diplomatic members of two alien races to a neutral planet called Parliament, the Enterprise approaches an energy field.
Stardate: Unknown Wesley must keep Captain Picard alive on the eve of his entrance exam to Starfleet Academy when their shuttle crashes on a barren moon.
Taking leaps from the start of the season, this episode showcases the heights of Sheldon's eccentricity and his state of friendship with Stephen Hawking.
They hope a DNA-test could confirm who the real parents are, but when this information comes to light, it lead to another bizarre twist, possibly murder.
The Enterprise arrives at a planet to establish diplomatic relations and finds itself in the middle of a peaceful war that threatens to destroy the ship.
The Enterprise must stop an ancient doomsday weapon that is capable of destroying entire worlds, and has already totaled one Constellation-class cruiser.
The Rangers stop a ring of baby kidnappers, but soon find themselves on a new mission, rescuing people, including Alex, trapped in a collapsing building.
In fact, the colony is under the control of the Macra, giant crab-like insects who are using the brainwashed humans to mine the gas they need to survive.
The TARDIS materialises on a doomed planet in Galaxy 4, and the travellers are captured by warriors of the beautiful female clone race known as Drahvins.
The gang agrees to sell Paddys when they get an offer that is too good to refuse, but it forces the bar's non-partners, Dee and Charlie to find new jobs.
The Holoship, named 'The Enlightenment' will not answer Starbug's communication attempts on account of them being notoriously arrogant and self-centered.
The theft of a priceless artifact from Mexico City museum leads Jessica into a labyrinth of clues, where murder is the fact behind the Mask of Montezuma.
The town is excited when Chef returns to town after world traveling with the Super Adventure Club, but the boys notice something is different about Chef.
They try hard to have a normal wedding despite the apparent obstacles by putting up a brave front through their wedding ceremony as the day draws nearer.
As Luka struggles with whether or not to tell her about her accident, Blaire tries to make sense of her flashes of memories, resulting in a tragic event.
Because of her relationship with Braun, Grissom refuses to allow Catherine to participate in the case, leaving the rest of the team to solve the mystery.
Andrew, a watcher-in-training, arrives from Sunnydale with surprising information about Buffy and to inform the group that Dana is also a vampire slayer.
While on a nearby planet, the O'Brien family picnic is interrupted when Molly wanders off and falls into a vortex that sends her 300 years into the past.
The Troika move full swing into their biggest plan ever, stealing a pair of mystical orbs which imbue the bearer with super strength and invulnerability.
With the arrival of a shipment of records, Radar plays the part of a disc jockey and helps to get everyone through the incredibly long deluge of wounded.
A choir group, Getting Gay With Kids, visits South Park to recruit more kids for their upcoming concert in Costa Rica for the benefit of the rain forests.
A rising young star is killed in a wreck and her determined stalker claims credit, but the team finds out there's more to this tragedy than meets the eye.
After a shipwreck, Xena must rescue Gabrielle from the cursed ship of Cecrops, the Lost Mariner, where anyone who steps aboard must remain until they die.
After being passed over for ER Chief, Pratt makes plans to leave County and go to a hospital that will appreciate his talents and take him more seriously.
After realizing they're dating people that look like each other, Joanie and Chachi decide to meet in order to explore the option of getting back together.
But, questions remain, was the first Thanksgiving haunted? Is alien technology responsible for stuffing? The truth could change Thanksgiving for everyone.
An alien missile with artificial intelligence takes over The Doctor's systems, and insists that it be allowed to complete its mission of mass destruction.
This all becomes much more difficult when the nerd Trio decide to present the Slayer with a series of challenges to determine the extent of her abilities.
Can't Smeg, Won't Smeg, An outrageous spoof of the BBC's Can't Cook, Won't Cook with host Ainsley Harriot trying to supervise the gang cooking up a storm.
Carla faces the hardest task of her life when she tries to be nice to Cliff after learning he's one of the judges for the Miss Boston Barmaid competition.
Cartman, South Park Elementary's new hallway monitor, takes it personally when he finds out that a teacher has been kissing a student in his jurisdiction.
Joey forgets he's supposed to be in the Thanksgiving parade with the rest of the Days of Our Lives cast, so Phoebe teaches him how to lie to his producer.
At the funeral, Joey watches a football game on a portable TV. Ross falls into an open grave and hurts his back, then gets a bit loopy on muscle relaxers.
Kathy plays music that Buffy hates, labels all her food in the refrigerator, borrows clothes without asking, and gets in the way of Buffy's Slayer duties.
When Stan, Kyle, Kenny and Cartman receive a package from the kids they sent the money to, personnel from every government agency descends to investigate.
But one of them is the reincarnation of Alti, who wishes to release the evil Xena and destroy her reputation for good deeds, established by the TV series.
Jessica heads to Chaco Springs, New Mexico, to visit with her old friend Susan, who spends a great deal of time in a local tourist trap named Silverville.
When she uncharacteristically breaks down and makes a scene at her father's retirement party, Angel begins to suspect that something unusual is happening.
Leonard and Penny are still having problems with their new marriage while Sheldon comes up with a few ways to get revenge on Amy for breaking up with him.
Remembering a lesson from school Rimmer suggests they make a battery out of lemons but the nearest lemon to Britain in 23 AD is in India 4,000 miles away.
Nick and Keppler investigate the bizarre world of the black market sales of body parts after they find a body that has been burned and the organs removed.
Norm invents a strict curmudgeon of a partner to boss around his easygoing paint crew while Sam goes crazy with concern after selling his precious 'Vette.
Not wanting to appear lonely and dateless whilst going to her ex-husband Nick's wedding ceremony to blonde bimbo Loretta, Carla asks Sam to accompany her.
Their first assignment is to investigate an abandoned spaceship on an ocean planet, where they discover Cassandra, a computer that can predict the future.
Stan wants to know the real reason kids have to decorate eggs for Easter, and what, if anything eggs and bunnies have to do with Jesus dying for his sins.
Circling around the field in order to briefly study it, the Enterprise collects the data, and continues towards its destination, with one extra passenger.
Stardate: Unknown The children of the Enterprise, including Wesley Crusher, are abducted by a race of people who are unable to have children of their own.
Stardate: Unknown After she is relieved of her post aboard, Deep Space Nine, Kira tries to expose the leaders of the terrorist group known as 'The Circle.
Starved for cash, Buffy gets a job in a fast food restaurant where the weird manager and high turnover of employees has her more than a little suspicious.
The A-Team is hired by a local fire chief, who is trying to fight back against a violent private group of firefighters who want to replace her department.
However, the Dalek Emperor then reveals that his real intention was to isolate the Dalek Factor and force the Doctor to spread it to the rest of humanity.
When they learn that the Beast already has four of the five, they plan to protect the final one with the help of the electrifying cat-burglar Gwen Raiden.
Things get messy in Cabot Cove when Bradley Hellman, the son of an influential ambassador, is murdered only an hour after making bail for drunken driving.
This episode takes you behind the scenes into the production room to show you character discussions, the many goofs made when shooting episodes, and more.
When Sheldon hinders progress on the guidance-system project, Leonard comes up with a plan to get rid of him by giving him tickets to a historic railroad.
While celebrating Scully's 33rd birthday, a strange woman informs Mulder that NICAP member Max Fenig, see Fallen Angel has recently died in a plane crash.
While chasing a lone Maquis member to a deserted moon, Kira becomes trapped by a crystalline formation that rapidly grows over time, threatening her life.
While exploring the Typhon Expanse, the Enterprise is caught in a temporal loop in which it is repeatedly destroyed while colliding with another starship.
Leo, Toby, and C.J. deal with inquiries on Secret Service protection policies, as well as the absence of executive authority while Bartlet was in surgery.
With Howard's hardware store about to face new competition, the Cunninghams decide they need to rent the room above their garage to generate extra income.
The West Wing blends drama with reality in this groundbreaking documentary episode that includes interviews with former Presidents and White House figures.
A closeted, older gay man with kidney failure comes to the ER. He must choose between his partner, a female impersonator, and reconnecting with his family.
Columbo's involvement is welcomed by all the other chefs in the area, but Columbo wonders why the dead restaurant owner slammed the drawers before he died.
A man, Alan Rosenberg whom Catherine flirted with at a bar reappears in her life as a suspect in a murder investigation of a woman who was shot and killed.
He has no memory of this event however, and when the days begin to regress backward towards the murder, he realizes that he has been given a second chance.
A woman who threw her children out a third-floor window to escape their abusive father is discovered to have done it while going through Valium withdrawal.
After a car accident, a girl and her father are brought into the ER. The girl, badly injured and needing surgery, shares a rare blood type with her father.
Mulder heads to investigate after Agent Spender dismisses the claims, and discovers that the father is actually a demon who wants to have a 'normal' child.
The only way the Doctor can save them is to alter the timeline of a lonely old miser, the only one who can control the skies and allow them to land safely.
Meanwhile Lister tricks Kryten into believing that Kochanski's 'time-of-the-month' is an event to be celebrated and he embarrasses himself in front of her.
When the show airs some controversial content the boys go on a cross country chase with the fate of Family Guy lying with the first boy to reach Hollywood.
Despite Howard's objection, Joanie decides to buy a car because she and Chachi are tired of having to double-date, and Chachi cannot afford to buy his own.
During a stakeout of murderer Irwin Lukesh, Doggett sees Reyes attacked by Lukesh but then we see Reyes and Doggett in her apartment, apparently both fine.
Exiled to the 20th century by the Time Lords, the newly-regenerated Doctor is immediately caught up in UNIT's investigation of anomalous meteorite showers.
For Neela, what begins as a routine ride-along with Gates and Zadro turns into a defining day when a commercial jet and a private plane crash over Chicago.
Goin'Down To South Park chronicles the history of South Park, as told though interviews by Trey and Matt, and several other members of the South Park crew.
Grissom and Sara investigate the murder of a mental-hospital patient and quickly narrow down the suspects to a handful of other patients and staff members.
After finding a letterman jacket and cheerleading sweater in the field house and a pool of Ryan's blood nearby, the team tries to determine what went awry.
When the mentor has a heart attack, Mayfield plots the perfect murder, but must kill two people to cover his tracks while he waits for his plan to succeed.
Hoping that Lindsey has information on the Senior Partners' ultimate plans, Angel, Spike and Gunn track him down in a bizarre and terrifying suburban hell.
However, when Gabrielle accidentally strikes down an innocent fan, the tribes demand vengeance against Gabrielle and Xena must turn to the Romans for help.
Imagine the surprise of strutting martinet Frank Burns, Larry Linville when the strait-laced B.J. turns out to be just as cheeky and irreverent as Hawkeye.
Two teens, both suffering from gunshot wounds, are brought to the ER, and Neela fumbles badly when informing a family member of their relative's condition.
Jenny dumps a nice guy to be with a former Olympic swimmer, but K. C. learns that the swimmer doesn't feel the same way about Jenny as she feels about him.
Chandler invites a likely but unsuspecting candidate, Zack to dinner, and he gets a little creeped out by the odd questions Chandler and Monica are asking.
Joey lets himself look bad in order to explain away various discoveries that could expose Monica's and Chandler's relationship, underwear in Monica's sofa.
Janet and Sam become a couple, but a jealous Diane joins the opposition campaign fearing that if Janet wins the election, she will win Sam's heart as well.
faced with a number of vulnerable seats in the upcoming election, Josh attempts to dissuade Matthew Santos from dropping out of another race for the House.
Mark McAndrews a top network programmer is promoted to a New York position, his assistant, who is very ambitious and his lover, expects to get his old job.
Preston Giles, Jessica's former publisher and the first murderer she ever caught, has been released from jail after serving only six years of his sentence.
While Joey and Chandler look over Richard's apartment, Chandler finds, and steals a video tape with Monica's name on it, worried about what might be on it.
Not wanting her to get into trouble, Sam asks Woody to help her out and show her around, but Woody and Joyce have a surprise for Sam when they get engaged!
Scully is forced into an awkward situation when she has to decide whether to put Mulder's life in more danger even though she desperately wants to see him.
The three are then kidnapped by a Ferengi who wants Lwaxana, both for her beauty, and because he thinks her telepathic abilities will help him in business.
Stardate: Unknown Picard attempts communications with the Crystalline Entity, a life form responsible for hundreds of deaths throughout the Alpha Quadrant.
Stardate: Unknown Quark is injured in an attack which Odo suspects is related to a murder committed five years before, in which Kira was the prime suspect.
However, over time she begins to sympathize with them, which forces her to choose between her loyalty to the Federation, and her new friends in the Maquis.
The 15-year-old son of a seriously wounded policeman is given the authority to decide the course of his father's treatment, and he turns to Ray for advice.
When Face, Murdock and Frankie run into a local tribe on the island, they think Murdock is god, since he carries the Crystal Skull in his hand as he lands.
The local monks, who the A-Team stole the artifact from attack the village now, because they want to enslave all the locals to work in their diamond mines.
But the Cyberleader has another plan, and the Doctor must convince the Vogans to give him enough time to rescue Sarah Jane before they launch their rocket.
The Federation and the Klingon Empire teeter on the brink of war as Kirk investigates a humble planet caught in the middle, Organia, inhabited by pacifists
The gang feels responsible when the Celtics' Kevin McHale goes into a slump after becoming obsessed with the number of bolts in the floor of Boston Garden.
The inhabitants of the holo-city of Fair Haven suspect the Voyager crew of having mystical powers when they witness the use of their futuristic technology.
Jed orders the Secret Service to protect C.J. when she receives death threats after making a comment at a press conference about the deaths of Saudi girls.
Josh's brainstorm to help Will burnish Bob Russell's presentation problems and a persistent reporter endanger Toby's attempts to broker a deal on the Hill.
When an Olympic runner assigned to the 4077th fails to materialize, Father Mulcahy must save the camp's honor in a high-stakes footrace against the 8063rd.
While Seven of Nine struggles with her humanity, Captain Janeway tries to help a group of aliens whose species was almost entirely assimilated by the Borg.
When Buffy notices a significant change in Xander's personality, she must figure out what happened and how to reverse it before something terrible happens.
While hiding from Christmas, the Doctor receives a distress message from a crashed spaceship, and finds himself working with a familiar face from his past.
While on an away mission to help a planet being bombarded with asteroids, Neelix comes up with a dangerous plan to re-establish communication with Voyager.
But what it needs are light bulbs, and in the dimly lit post-op Charles makes an error for which he draws the ultimate wrath of his two surgeon bunk mates.
Woody tries to convince his friends that he got a small part on Spenser, For Hire and Cliff and Norm quarrel about a practical joke involving a chimpanzee.
Xena and Gabrielle team up with Hercules, when Zeus declares that Xena's unborn child must die so that the prophecy of Olympus' doom will not be fulfilled.
She also discovers that Mephistopheles, the King of Hell, has orchestrated the plan to force Xena to spill the blood of the Messenger, which will free him.
Kira must overcome painful memories of her own father's death, as well as the Cardassian's own war crimes, before she can face him and gain the information.
When the man is found hanged in the barn, the police are quick to rule it suicide, but Jessica notices bruising on the corpse that suggests he was murdered.
Meanwhile, a soldier who suffered the loss of an eye because of a rifle malfunction wants to commit suicide until Potter uses revers psychology to stop him.
When Grissom arrives on the scene, he discovers that the teen has been eviscerated and has stab wounds, but shows no signs of having been struck by the cab.
A veteran reporter, who suffered a heart attack, says his best medicine would be the removal of his publisher who has turned a good paper into a yellow rag.
Angel's son Connor is brought back from the Hell dimension a feral teenage warrior, and is hellbent on vengeance against his father for Angel's bloody past.
Now, in the middle of a city shrouded in eternal night, the gang must try to get information from one of the most dangerous vampires ever to roam the earth.
As the gang gets settled into positions that might help them financially, Charlie and Dee start getting hooked on the drugs that they're attempting to sell.
Carter, already fed up with Benton's lackluster attitude, accepts a transfer to Hicks's team after Peter fails to show up at a lecture the two were to give.
Charles takes amphetamines to keep up his energy level, and even drugs Radar's mouse, 'Daisy,' so that it will win a race against a Marine's mouse, 'Sluggo.
Doug brings a one-night-stand into the hospital when she has an epileptic seizure, earning him the stares of his colleagues when he can't remember her name.
Filled with the American spirit and inspired by our President, the children of South Park Elementary have sent their dollars to the children of Afghanistan.
She then threatens to reveal that the secret of his success is allowing witnesses to purjure themselves, unless he pays her for the time they were together.
Hulk Hogan asks his old friend B.A. for the A-Team's help against a mobster who is out to close down the youth center he's financing for no apparent reason.
In ER's A Simple Twist of Fate, several main characters endure struggles, starting with Doctor Kerry Weaver who, along with other staff gets food poisoning.
When the guys notice that business has been less than stellar, they hire Dee's new acting friend, Terrell to promote their bar and bring them more business.
It's a bad day for the jurors when Jessica is the foreperson of the jury hearing the case of a man claiming self-defense in the death of an enraged husband.
Italy, 1492. Not realising the TARDIS has been infiltrated by the malevolent Mandragora Helix, the Doctor and Sarah arrive in the tiny duchy of San Martino.
Jessica is in San Francisco for a book convention and runs into her old friend, Michael Hagarty, who is in town investigating his daughter Andrea's fianc'e.
Chandler is scared of the tunnel of commitment until Joey convinces him to face his fears, but then Chandler overdoes it and scares Janice away for a while.
And things go from bad to worse when the gang's investigation reveals that the dead guy was a demons' rights activist negotiating between two warring clans.
Meanwhile, Kirk recovers consciousness but has no memories of his previous life, and is adopted by a local Amerindian tribe as their medicine chief and god.
Lewis treats an alcoholic mother who set herself on fire in front of her son, and an elderly architect who tried to commit suicide because he's going blind.
Meanwhile, Nick and Catherine are called to the site of a large fire and are confronted with the scuba diver found dead in the top of a tree near Lake Mead.
Moderator John McLaughlin leads the whole cast, including former member Shelley Long, in a discussion of the show, featuring many clips from previous shows.
Mr Garrison takes the kids on an educational field trip to a living museum, Pioneer Village, where all the workers remain dedicated to staying in character.
Laas suggests that he and Odo search for the rest of their kind that were sent out, so as to start a new Great Link, an offer Odo finds difficult to refuse.
Rumors sweep the ER when Kerry and Mark cloister themselves to discuss policy regarding HIV-positive employees, prompting Jeanie to publicize her condition.
The Doctor discovers a colony of shapeshifting Zygons and their cyborg weapon, the Skarasen, and in the process solves one of Scotland's greatest mysteries,
What makes the message even more troubling is that the Drake had been sent in to investigate the report that all signs of life had vanished from the planet.
Stardate: Unknown Members of the Enterprise crew start suffering from a strange form of tiredness and no recollection of having slept well the night before.
He only has a short time to stop their attempts before the ship is swept by a beam of radiation to remove the particles that is lethal to all forms of life.
Stardate: Unknown The inhabitants of Deep Space Nine are mystified when their fantasies turn into reality, however, these occurrences foreshadow a disaster.
A photo of current murder victims also turns up in the car, so the team must determine whether this current murder spree is related to the missing gangster.
The Defiant enters a barrier surrounding a planet in the Gamma Quadrant, only to find its inhabitants are the crew's descendants from 200 years in the past.
The Doctor appears to have transformed into an entirely different person, but Ben and Polly are unsure whether this strange man really is the Doctor or not.
Santini in fact supposedly hides out beneath the stage, and uses a radio transmitter to convince a waiter that he is there when he's busy killing the owner.
Outside the city, the Doctor eventually has little choice but to suggest the construction of a large wooden horse, and history takes its unfortunate course.
The TARDIS is forced down by a total power failure and the Doctor and Sarah meet a stranded Earth crew who came here to mine for priceless medical supplies.
The townspeople are concerned about a massive development on their shore and it is further complicated for Jessica since the firm employs her nephew, Grady.
Kira, now in command of Deep Space Nine until Sisko returns, is informed that the Romulans wish to set up a station office and a hospital on a Bajoran moon.
Traffic problems as a result of the President's visit to Philadelphia makes it difficult for the gang to see the summer's biggest film, Thunder Gun Express.
Trapped on the Sense-Sphere, the Doctor and his companions find three deranged human survivors who have been fighting a guerilla war against the Sensorites.
While Scully takes maternity leave, Doggett is partnered with a young agent who is fascinated with the X-Files and has followed Mulder and Scully's careers.
While the staff awaits news regarding the injuries to Jed and Josh, they recall how Josh, Sam, and Toby became involved in the campaign three years earlier.
However during the battle, Xena learns two things, Gabrielle's still alive and she and her friend are fated to die at the hand of Romans in the near future.
Abby reveals to her mother that she was pregnant once, but had an abortion, scared about the genetic possibility of herself or her child turning out bipolar.
As the effects of the white hole wear off, and gang begin to vanish from that part of space, Kryten ends it by delivering an extremely good insult to Rimmer.
Meanwhile, a young Amazon wishes to become Xena's new sidekick and Gabrielle must make a tough decision when Joxer is captured while spying on naked Amazons.
Believing the dynamics of the group has had some profound negative effects on them as individuals, Dennis decides that he needs to get away from his friends.
Brass travels to Hollywood, California to try to track down his estranged daughter's friend, meanwhile trying to rekindle some kind of relationship with her.
Buffy and Dawn clear the house of magick items and supplies to help Willow, and Buffy has a surprise visit from a social worker checking on Dawn's home life.
The rest of the gang try their best to pull themselves out of their own grief so that they can help Buffy and Dawn to deal with the worst day of their lives.
Deep space, the year 2540. The space powers of Earth and Draconia stand at the brink of war, as each seems to be guilty of pirate raids on the others' ships.
A young gymnast comes into the ER with injuries consistent with a fall, but Banfield and Gates each think a different family member may actually be to blame.
Doctor Langston's first day as a CSI is anything but easy when a seemingly simple burglary case ends up overlapping with an in-depth homicide and arson case.
During an exchange program with a different culture, Picard's shuttle crashes on an unknown planet where he is rescued by the sole survivor of another crash.
Elton is an ordinary man, living an ordinary life, but it's soon totally upturned when he becomes obsessed with a man called The Doctor and his big blue box.
Carter is plagued with flashbacks from his attack and visits Samantha Sobricki in an attempt to gain some insight on why Paul might have gone off the handle.
Hannibal goes undercover in order to investigate employee theft from an auto plant, but things turn out to be bigger and more dangerous than anyone expected.
Despite Hawkeye and Trapper's claims that it wasn't intentional, Frank makes allegations against Hawkeye, and he is put in house arrest facing court martial.
Jessica, however, is determined to prove that her friend did not commit the crime, and begins looking into the mysterious re-appearances of her dead husband.
Jessica offers to help Thomas Magnum, who has been accused of killing a hitman with an unknown target and continues in his corner when another murder occurs.
While Lister, Kochanski, Cat and Kryten begin their escape, in their heads of course, Rimmer runs to the VR suite to stop them mentioning anything about him.
She tells Rachel, who gossips to her boss, Kim, who eventually becomes convinced that Rachel is having an affair with Ralph Lauren in order to get Kim's job.
Ross tracks down Mike later to explain why Phoebe was so disturbed, but just makes things worse with a fictional story about a six-year relationship she had.
Santos and Vinick have to deal with press fallout when it looks like the Bartlet White House is not going to continue the investigation into the press leaks.
Stardate: Unknown A Starfleet expert on the Borg, Lt Commander Shelby, is assigned to the Enterprise to investigate the disappearance of a Federation colony.
Stardate: Unknown Lwaxana Troi falls in love with a man who must return home to commit suicide, as is customary for their race when they reach a certain age.
Stardate: Unknown Upon returning from an away mission, Picard and Data find the ship drifting in space, and the crew de-evolving into their animal ancestors.
The 15-year old son of an Iranian leader needs a heart transplant in the U.S. Problem is, the only man who could do it is an enemy of the Iranian government.
To the Doctor's great surprise, these are the survivors of Atlantis, and the famous Professor Zaroff, thought to have died twenty years ago, is amongst them.
The Daleks have realised that human beings possess unique qualities which have enabled them to defeat the Daleks on every occasion the two races have fought.
She tells the Doctor, but is then kidnapped, and reappears shortly afterwards, bearing a passport from Zurich and claiming to have no idea who the Doctor is.
But when the boys steal the list, the results are not what they expected, The boys are about to find out just how manipulative and crazy little girls can be.
The owners of the Three Feathers Indian Casino have decided to buy out the town of South Park in order to create a super-highway from Denver to their Casino.
While the rest of the elders summon Moses from their campfire, the anti-Semite hatches a plan to trap Moses' spirit in a conch shell, just as Haman once did.
Unbeknownst to Mac and Charlie, their new self-help workout program is part of a grandiose scheme for the Reynolds family to individually get what they want.
When Angel and the gang find out that there is going to be a robbery at a museum Angel and Gunn pose as members that are going to be involved in the robbery.
When Mac and Charlie learn that Dee has gotten a part in M. Night Shyamalan's next film, the two see this as a perfect opportunity to pitch their screenplay.
Neela has to tell a young girl with sickle cell anemia that she must have an operation, and the case leads her to consider specializing in pediatric surgery.
Woody's rich girl friend doesn't fully appreciate his inexpensive but heartfelt birthday gift and Rebecca transforms herself to further her career prospects.
Xander, and most of the male population of Sunnydale High, are falling all over themselves trying to impress the new substitute Biology teacher, Miss French.
Xena and Gabrielle go undercover after learning that a ransom has been put out on an infant who was prophesied to one day take the throne of a powerful king.
A beautiful and ambitious young nurse, Harris, who plans to become a doctor when she leaves the Army, finds herself in a misunderstanding with Father Mulcahy.
A present-day woman named Annie Day believes she's the reincarnation of Xena, the warrior princess, while her disbelieving boyfriend Harry thinks she's crazy.
A series of coincidences puts Scully in contact with someone from her past, a married man who she once had an affair with during medical school, but is dying.
Corday is sued for malpractice by Mr Patterson, the patient whose surgery she rushed so she could start her vacation, and later discovers that she's pregnant.
After meeting at a fundraising gala, an aged, but wealthy, Caltech donor makes Leonard ponder if he's willing to have sex with her to secure another donation.
After the Supreme Court refuses to stay the execution of a convicted murderer, Bartlet has forty-eight hours to decide whether or not to commute the sentence.
Starvin' Marvin finds the abandoned ship, and goes flying into space, and back down to South Park to visit his foster parents, Stan, Kyle, Cartman, and Kenny.
B.A.'s friend is held in a prison where the director arranges fight-to-the-death-boxing matches whose winner gets released, only to be hunted down and killed.
she's torn between nursing and becoming a doctor, with Kerry relentlessly grooming her for medicine while Carol tries to care for a mother with a dying child.
Cartman seeing a leprechaun is only the start of trouble when the boys find themselves with the entirety of the world's imagination laid out in front of them.
Meanwhile, Pratt comforts Chen after a patient threatens her, and Corday suspects that an unconscious, 14-year-old female patient has been sexually assaulted.
Diane becomes obsessed with tracking down a poem she's sure Sam plagiarized and had published in a literary magazine that has repeatedly turned her work down.
Doctor Bashir is about to leave for a convention on Romulus, when Sloan, his contact in Section 31, asks him to gather intelligence on the Romulan Government.
Lucy faces the wrath of Carter when he discovers that she doesn't know how to start an IV. Jeanie asks Doug if she can be a full-time PA for the pediatric ER.
Linx is forced to use a time-travel device to steal resources and scientists from the future to repair his ship, but in doing so involves UNIT and the Doctor,
This Crawford won't allow, and he drugs him, and uses his musical timing to make it appear as if Gabriel fell from the roof during one of Crawford's concerts.
Flashbacks of Ross and Rachel's relationship punctuate this episode as Ross decides to send Rachel a wedding invitation and Rachel decides she won't be going.
Greed leads to murder and destroys the lives of five people when two of them discover a stash of old casino chips worth $1,000 each on the collectible market.
Hawkeye tangles with a tough Army colonel, Colonel Spiker, B.J. helps Zale, who's received a Dear John letter, and Frank looks endlessly for Korean saboteurs.
Hiding in an Asteroid, surrounded by a Simulant Death Ship and a fleet of Annihilators, the Dwarfers begin to wonder whether this is the beginning of the end.
Jarvis Goodland, along with his nephew, plan a kidnap scam to break the nephew's trust fund, but after the money has been collected, Jarvis kills his partner.
Through flashbacks to World War II, it is revealed that Angel worked with the U.S. Navy to recover a captured German submarine with American sailors on board.
Major Kira's loyalties are questioned when she helps an old friend, now a suspected terrorist trying to destroy the Bajoran Wormhole, who seeks asylum on DS9.
He manages to change Lister back to a human, but when he does the same for Kryten, it actually transforms him into a human, rather than just setting him free.
Monica notices a stock with her initials, MEG, and decides to try to make a living on the stock market rather than take a demeaning job at a 50's theme diner.
the President' Congressional censure weighs heavily on staffers' minds as they debate whether to include an anti-cancer initiative in the President's address.
Get Rimmer Officerhood, Power and Eminence, GROPE for short is in full swing as he sucks up to Captain Hollister using the confidential files Lister gave him.
Penny opens up to a reluctant Sheldon after a less-than-stellar first date with Leonard, placing him in the uncomfortable position of having to keep a secret.
The planet has been terraformed and is now orbited by artificial suns, provided by the rapacious company who ruthlessly exploit the relocated human workforce.
When an old rival is murdered shortly after Giles returns to work, Jessica has to determine if Giles is being framed, or if he has committed his third murder.
Rebecca looks forward to seeing her high school sweetheart, unaware of the changes in his life, and Sam starts a support group for owners of stolen Corvettes.
Rebecca puts Sam off by telling him that from now on she'll only date men who can advance her career, and then she meets her younger-than-springtime new boss.
When Sam find out that Rick lost the bottle cap, he gets depressed, as Diane finds out that it was in fact the cap off the last bottle of beer Sam ever drank.
Sam makes up an elaborate story to explain how he got shot in the rear end, not wanting to tell everyone the real reason, he was shot at by a jealous husband.
Stan and Kyle are lured into a cult called Blainetology after David Blaine performs some street magic and passes out some information on himself and his cult.
Stardate: Unknown Picard is accused of treason when an explosion aboard the Enterprise sets off an investigation by a ruthless and paranoid Starfleet admiral.
Stardate: Unknown Picard suspects a Romulan influence in the recent Klingon civil war, and must force the Federation to intervene before the Empire collapses.
Stardate: Unknown While performing holodeck maintenance, Barclay accesses the stored hologram of Professor Moriarty, who wreaks havoc on board the Enterprise.
Stardate: Unknown Worf faces extradition to his homeworld when he destroys a Klingon transport and is solely responsible for the deaths of the 441 passengers.
The Doctor and Rose return to modern-day Earth, only to find it has been a year since Rose first set off, and everyone thought she was missing, presumed dead.
The Krenim Imperium is attempting to return to its former glory by using a temporal weapon ship that can erase entire species of their enemies from existence.
He must be operated upon immediately to repair the damage, but that will mean giving up his enhanced fighting ability and any chance of keeping up with Buffy.
Meanwhile, the newly-ensouled Spike is seeking solace in the maze-like basement of the new school, and Willow begins her rehabilitation with Giles in England.
However, after learning that the child will have dominant Klingon features, B'Elanna begins to experience upsetting flashbacks of her own difficult childhood.
Warrick's appearance at the preliminary hearing on a rape and murder case goes terribly wrong when the only piece of evidence is thrown out on a technicality.
Wendy and Hodges take a group of High School Explore Scouts on a field trip and they embellish their roles in solving cases and take their assignment too far.
And Warrick and Sara trace the death of a male stripper to members of a wedding party who may have celebrated a little too hard the night before the nuptials.
During the course of this adventure he encounters a brand new race of ferocious alien monsters, and strikes up a friendship with his latest companion, Alison.
When the successful men of the world suddenly want to have sex with tons of women, the top scientists in the country are brought together to put a stop to it.
She however, decides to start living and goes on a date with a man who believes that his tattoo talks to him and is telling him to stay away from other women.
While Santos is wrapped up in choosing his new Vice President, Helen, recurring guest star TERI POLO is overwhelmed by the issues facing the new First Family.
Meanwhile, Howard starts to believe that Raj is getting way too involved with Bernadette's pregnancy and tries to think of the nicest way to tell him to stop.
With a temporary transfer of personnel between the 4077th and the 8063rd, Captain Roy Dupree replaces Hawkeye, whilst Lorraine Anderson makes eyes at Charles.
Xena and Gabrielle have only one day to determine what really happened when Gabrielle's friend, Meleager, is sentenced to death for a murder he didn't commit.
A 16-year-old is brought in with renal failure after a kidney transplant, and Carter concludes that a new drug she was taking for her condition is the culprit.
Elaborate preparations, a camera, a skirting board, a set of watercolours and some psychological warfare on Ted's part ensure a successful outcome, or do they?
Alex and Trivette reminesce about Walker's past adventures as they are waiting to be rescued after being imprisoned by a previous enemy who is out for revenge.
Another elderly rape victim is brought into the ER. Carter picks up an aspiring med student at a seminar he taught and brings her to the ER for a brief lesson.
Angel pays a visit to her workplace and learns that the woman is being terrorized by her neurosurgeon who is somehow mysteriously able to watch her every move.
Captain Janeway and Chakotay, leader of the Maquis ship band together to find their missing crewmen with the help of the Talaxian, Neelix, and the Ocampa, Kes.
Carla feels compelled to call in an exorcist when Eddie's ghost appears in the bar and Rebecca complains to a TV station about a defective hair removal system.
Luka happens upon her and helps her to the ER. She delivers one twin there and is then taken up to Maternity, where she is cared for by OB nurse Abby Lockhart.
in preparation Cartman tries bulking up with Weight Gain 4000. Mr Garrison makes some preparations of his own as he has an old score to settle with Kathie Lee.
Chachi struggles with an essay on the causes, hardships, and influences of immigration until Fonzie tells him several stories in a series of musical vignettes.
Face believes he's booked country singer Cowboy George into one of the roughest dance halls in the Southwest, but his agent friend delivers Boy George instead.
Geordi and a former crewmate begin evolving into bizarre creatures when they return to a planet both of them were on during an Away Mission five years earlier.
Grissom's quip that the young lovers may have run off to Mexico is soon quashed by the discovery of drops of blood by Ryan's vacant parking spot at the school.
In New York, the Doctor, Amy, and Rory meet River, but the Weeping Angels threaten the city as time periods overlap and time runs out for two of the travelers.
Also, a mysterious girl is following Buffy and Angel around, and Xander and Cordelia are trapped in Buffy's house after being attacked by one of the assassins.
Along the way, she must again deal with Boston's hard-nosed Lt Casey, who had previously complicated a case Harry and Jessica had investigated the year before.
Jessica is assigned to fill the empty seat of a deceased congressman for a brief period of time and finds a great deal of political game-playing in Washington.
John Hodges, a chopper pilot referred to as The Cowboy because of his gun holster belt and cowboy hat, has been hit in the shoulder, and arrives at the 4077th.
Kirk must defuse a Klingon scheme to destroy a grain shipment, and cope with a seemingly benign creature known as a tribble, which reproduces at amazing speed.
Leonard and Penny's first big fight sees Sheldon playing mediator due to childhood trauma that's left him with an inability to be around loud verbal conflicts.
Leonard, Sheldon and Howard celebrate the successful completion of their top-secret military project, until an unpleasant surprise leaves their heads spinning.
Monica and Chandler try to get a good engagement picture, but it seems impossible because Chandler can't seem to smile properly when there's a camera involved.
Norm tells Cliff a little white lie about Carson using Cliff's material on The Tonight Show, then regrets it when Cliff comes up with three tickets to Burbank.
Sam locks himself out of the bar with his house keys inside so he begins a search for a place to sleep for the night which proves more difficult than expected.
A bound and intubated Luka and a bleeding Abby are found, but is it in time to save their baby? Meanwhile, the surgical team fights to repair Jerry's injuries.
Seska lures Chakotay and Voyager to her, claiming that Maj Culluh is going to kill the baby she created using Chakotay's DNA, once he learns that it isn't his.
Stardate: Unknown Data, Geordi, and Doctor Pulaski reenact a Sherlock Holmes mystery in the holodeck, one specifically designed by the computer to defeat Data.
Exhausted after two days without sleep, members of the 4077th steal away for catnaps and experience dreams that reveal their fears, yearnings and frustrations.
The CSI team investigates a murder at the home of Marta, a level 5 hoarder whose home is stacked high with possessions and garbage and more than one dead body.
Although the Defiant crew establishes around the clock contact with her to keep her company, their conversations end up helping the crew more than anticipated.
The Doctor finds himself the manipulated for once when someone abducts his friends from throughout time and space, luring him to the one place he can never go.
The White House is trying to cope with the revelation of the identity of the leaker and Babish's questioning of Toby convinces him that he must get his lawyer.
The brutal slaying of an entire family has the CSI team stumped, particularly when an unlikely candidate comes forward to take responsibility for the killings.
The gang is thrilled when they see Terminator, The Sarah Connor Chronicles' Summer Glau is also aboard their train to San Francisco for a scientific symposium.
The man who designed the weapon that destroyed all life on the moon of Neelix's homeworld, including that of his family, diagnoses Neelix with a fatal illness.
The regular gang finds Sam and Diane's romance hard to believe, a view apparently shared by Diane, who throws Sam out of her apartment after only five minutes.
Three months after the wormhole was sealed and the Bajoran Orbs became useless, Sisko receives a vision from the Prophets of a woman's face buried in the sand.
Timmy starts a transportation business to raise money for summer camp for the disabled, but one kid who had a terrible time at camp last year tries to ruin it.
Jed fires the first salvo of his reelection campaign when he calls his likely opponent less than brilliant, and the national press just can't get enough of it.
Will takes one for the team in putting an environmental and political face on the destruction and deaths which resulted from the melting of an Alaskan glacier.
When Hawkeye can't stop a sneezing fit that has no apparent cause, psychiatrist Sidney Freedman digs into the surgeon's past for a clue to this unusual malady.
When searching for Virgil, Xena and Gabrielle are confronted by cannibals and they must stay alive in order to rescue Virgil before he becomes their next meal.
While Amy, Penny and Bernadette have a girls weekend in Vegas, Penny ends up having to study at the last minute, while Amy and Bernadette go out and get drunk.
While Jessica is enjoying her stay at a fishing lodge in Ireland, she finds out the owner is beset by a consortium that wants to buy his land for a strip mine.
When the wounded start pouring in again, their own side shells the camp, hitting the generator, and Radar tries to get through to someone to stop the shelling.
While transporting a condemned man from Ohio to Texas, his friends skyjack the plane and subdue Walker and Trivette, who must find a way to prevent his escape.
In the present, Miss Choksondik is becoming increasingly frustrated with her inattentive class, so she hunts down Mr Garrison to learn how to manage the class.
Cordelia learns that her role as princess involves mating with a demon, and Wesley and Gunn band with rebel forces to overthrow the government and Her Majesty.
A corrupt horse breeder and the gambling syndicate are fixing the horse races puts Columbo into a double investigation while investigating a very clever killer.
Meanwhile, Charlie is also ordered to attend AA where he makes a startling discovery that might be beneficial in his ongoing quest to hook up with the Waitress.
Agents Mulder and Scully investigate a murder that seems to have been committed by a blind woman, but Mulder suspects that her involvement is not what it seems.
Angel takes the gang out for an evening at the ballet, but becomes suspicious when the prima ballerina seems to be the one he saw dance more than a century ago.
Nick and Sofia handle the case of Jack, a returning veteran from Iraq, who was killed in front of his wife and baby daughter who he just met for the first time.
Abby wonders about the erratic behavior of her visiting brother Eric, and feels conflicted over a nurse's official complaint against Kovac, Abby's former lover.
Evidence points to the battered wife of a powerful businessman as his killer, but Jessica establishes that there is a long list of suspects who wished him dead.
Fonzie's girlfriend is a moderately successful ballet teacher, but Fonzie has trouble accepting that she may be happier as a professional performer in New York.
Former policeman Wallace Evans, now a professor, challenges Jessica to a race to solve a series of muggings on campus, and the muggings soon escalate to murder.
Meanwhile, Catherine and Warrick must determine if the woman found dead in the hotel spa was the victim of negligence, foul play or heat-induced natural causes.
Hawkeye and BJ lose their way while rushing urgently needed antibiotics to the 4077th, which is wracked with low-mileage Thanksgiving turkey-induced salmonella.
After an exposure to how much more effective the new computer, Queeg, is, the team rally around the new computer Queeg, but soon realise that he is aptly named.
Joey gets a part in a World War I movie, Over There, with an actor, Richard who teaches him that great acting means enunciation, and enunciation means you spit.
As Jessica and Cassandra search for clues in the present to discover who really committed the crime, flashbacks reveal that Sarah was quite a detective herself.
The police are convinced that Drake was shot during Freddy York's act, which doesn't leave a lot of time, but Jessica is determined to prove Howard's innocence.
Jessica is appalled when, upon returning to New York City, she finds herself caricatured as a fox in a politically satirical comic strip with libelous dialogue.
When Paul is found murdered at the hotel, Michael is arrested, and Jessica alternates between comforting a distraught Andrea and trying to clear Michael's name.
The gang has a barbecue, but Ross only shows up long enough to drop off Rachel's birthday present and announce he's going to China to get a bone for the museum.
Joey sets a personal record for sticking Oreos in his mouth, 15. Ross dates a girl from Poughkeepsie but is concerned about the distance involved in seeing her.
Franklin uses an elaborate scheme to make it appear as if Ferris were killed by mobsters because his next story, an expose on the Mafia, would incriminate them.
Kyle's cousin comes to town and after Kyle sees how stereotypically Jewish his cousin Kyle is, he worries about how Cartman is going to react when he meets him.
A series of group attacks against abductees take place and the shadowy Syndicate believes that a rebel alien resistance is attempting to destroy all their work.
Newcomer Lawrence Baker seems to have everyone in Cabot Cove at his beck and call, including the contractor who is supposed to be working on Jessica's bathroom.
Oscar-nominated Iranian actress Shohreh Aghdashloo guests stars as a Turkish mother whose daughter is brought to the ER close to death following a knife attack.
Penny's flirtatious sales pitch is misunderstood by a doctor-client, while Bernadette and Amy debate whether female scientists ought to play the sexuality card.
Josh Lyman mediates an argument between a representative from Connecticut and one from North Carolina who wants her state's copy of the Bill of Rights returned.
Rebecca's father attempts to make her return with him to San Diego while Woody tries to exert his will over Kelly, to make her move her things to his apartment.
Sam and Diane go to work after Dick Cavett suggests that Sam's autobiography might sell and Norm confronts an old flame of Vera's who's interested in her again.
Sam enters a whole new world when he babysits for Frasier and Lilith, and Woody worries about Kelly when she goes to work at Cheers as part of a school project.
Sheldon's getting fired forces him to explore what life has to offer outside physics, leaving Leonard to take drastic action to snap his friend out of his funk.
Sheldon's grandmother, aka Meemaw, visits and there's friction between her and Amy, which intensifies after the elderly woman blurts out a secret about Sheldon.
Bashir asks Odo for a sample of himself in order to create a synthetic organ fluid, when he discovers that Odo is the virus that is slowly killing the Founders.
Stardate: Unknown A system-wide computer malfunction places the crew of the Enterprise in grave danger while they escort a scientist to study an exploding star.
Stardate: Unknown Picard is asked to choose between two candidates to succeed the current Chancellor of the Klingon High Council as the new ruler of the Empire.
Stardate: Unknown Geordi must work with the real Leah Brahms when she arrives on the Enterprise when a space-born alien life form thinks the ship is its mother.
The TARDIS materialises in a human colony which is run like a giant holiday camp, where everybody is happy all round and fun and games are the order of the day.
Saracen raiders led by the evil El Akir attack the King's hunting party, and when the travellers stumble into the fray the King escapes and Barbara is captured.
It is soon discovered that Chinpokomon is actually a ploy by the Japanese to overthrow the American government with a loyal horde of brainwashed child-soldiers.
a genocidal war breaks out in Kuhndu, and Bartlet weighs his options as Will pushes for American military involvement based on Bartlet's statements in the past.
Unknowingly, Richie, Potsie, and Ralph are invited to a party hosted by the She Devils gang in which the Devil who brings in the biggest nerd wins a $100 prize.
Vivian Dimitri blames two people for her husband's death in prison, his former partner-in-crime Charlie Chambers and Columbo, the detective who put him in jail.
Voyager establishes a tentative alliance with the Hirogen in order to disable the holograms, while the Doctor finds himself becoming sympathetic to their cause.
When Dennis is mistaken for a recently released child molester, he is more bothered by the fact that the guy is overweight rather than him being a sex offender.
When an emotionally unstable woman, Dana, escapes from a psychiatric ward, Angel learns that she was tortured as a child and is now searching for her tormentor.
When the Catholic Church scandal negatively impacts church attendance in South Park, Priest Maxi travels to Rome to confront religious leaders about a solution.
While visiting the planet Midnight, a beautiful luxury planet, full of lavish and hightech cities, a terrifying problem arises that leaves the Doctor powerless.
With the camp facing prohibition, and a severe medical supply shortage, during another heat wave, Hawkeye resolves to lift morale by importing a racy new movie.
A racehorse trainer is murdered as he is on his way to expose a racing fraud and there is some friction concerning his daughter's permission to ride in the race.
A renegade player threatens the Massively Multiplayer Online game World of Warcraft(R and the fate of the game lay in the hands of Cartman, Kyle, Stan and Kenny.
It appears that the killer likes to prey on the emotional vulnerabilities of impressionable kids but can Mulder and Scully put a stop to it before it's too late?
Back in L.A., Angel is determined to find a way to rescue Cordelia, but when it seems that travelling to Pylea is the only answer, Lorne begins to get cold feet.
Deciding that she prefers this normal life with her parents, Buffy attempts to destroy the things that tether her to the fantasy life of the Slayer, her friends.
Meanwhile, back in L.A., Connor searches for Cordelia, Jasmine prepares to take her influence to a global level, and the gang receives a very unexpected visitor.
Buffy and the gang track down a suspected werewolf roaming in the woods and also try to stay out of the way of a bloodthirsty hunter who is after the same beast.
Butters finds out what his father has been up to late at night and when his mother hears, she overreacts by trying to kill her son and then herself back at home.
Back in town, Grissom and his crew look into the death of a poker player who suffered a violent convulsion in the middle of a high-stakes game with three others.
Joey's claim in Soap Opera Digest that he writes a lot of his own lines angers the show's writer, who decides to have Doctor Ramoray fall down an elevator shaft.
Charlie has the gang come together to help him undo the mess they have made of Paddy's so that the bar will look presentable during a surprise health inspection.
Colonel Potter turns crotchety when he catches the mumps, and his condition is worsened when Winchester gets the same disease and has to be quarantined with him.
Buffy spends some quality time with Dawn to make up for her violent actions in Normal Again, but Dawn's idea of a good time is the dangerous world of patrolling.
Hostility and other surprises await Jessica in a town where she's posing as her friend in Eden, Oregon, to investigate the rumored murder of the friend's sister.
With the locals preoccupied by the struggle for the Dukedom, will the time travellers be able to resist a force that threatens to drag Earth into a new Dark Age?
With the locals preoccupied by the struggle for the Dukedom, will the time travellers be able to resist a force that threatens to drag Earth into a new Dark age?
Jealous of Xena's popularity, Aphrodite is tricked by Ares into putting a spell on Gabrielle's scroll, causing everything written on it to magically become real.
Monica urges Ross to express his true feelings to Emily before she leaves the country, but things don't go as well as expected, it turns out there's another man.
Rachel and Phoebe are taking a self-defense class, but Ross feels they don't have Unagi, a state of total awareness, in which you can be prepared for any danger.
Doyle agrees to attend the new groom's bachelor party, but soon finds out that the groom's family have some very unusual customs where ex-husbands are concerned.
Kyle comes to school with his new Dawson's Creek Trapper Keeper, and wants to show it off, but Cartman upstages him with his highly sophisticated Trapper Keeper.
Mr Garrison decides to get a sex change operation, a vaginaplasty which prompts Kyle to want a negroplasty so he can be tall and black enough to play basketball.
Norm fires his secretary, who sees it as proof that he's wildly attracted to her and Rebecca becomes obsessed with a surprise hidden in the desk Robin, gave her.
The aliens responsible, the Zygons, try to kill the Doctor and Sarah Jane, then attempt to recover their signal device using their ability to mimic human beings.
Stardate: Unknown Lwaxana pays a surprise visit to the Enterprise and announces the pre-arranged marriage of Deanna to the son of her late husband's best friend.
With a treaty of peace in place for over a year, Captain Picard must exercise diplomacy by stopping the renegade ship before its commander's actions lead to war.
Stardate: Unknown Picard is pulled from his post as captain of the Enterprise to lead a top-secret espionage mission into Cardassia with Worf and Doctor Crusher.
Stardate: Unknown It is discovered that Quark's mother, Ishka, broke Ferengi law and made a profit through a secret deal, which may cost Quark everything he has.
Timmy is set to star as Helen in the play, but when Timmy's disabled turkey is passed over for a part in the play, Timmy has second thoughts about participating.
The legendary Yeti, normally timid and elusive creatures, have suddenly become vicious and savage, and many monks and visitors to the monastery have been killed.
The Doctor therefore tricks the Emperor into administring the Human Factor to several more Daleks, who begin to question authority and rebel against the Emperor.
The Drahvins are in fact the aggressors, and the peaceful Rills want nothing more than to escape in one piece, and help their enemies do so as well, if they can.
Meanwhile, Mulder confronts the man he believes to be behind it all, but another figure from Mulder and Scully's past may prove to be the key to their salvation.
Bartlet and the staff continue to debate over sending American troups into Kuhndu to stop a genocidal war until Laurel and Hardy provide some needed inspiration.
Ross applies, but competition for the place is fierce, so when a bribe doesn't seal the deal, Ross decides to cultivate and exploit a common interest, nakedness.
and the planet Ravalox, two million AD. The Doctor is taken out of time by the Time Lords and made to face an inquiry into his meddling in the affairs of others.
When a landing party disappears and one man is beamed up dead, Kirk, Spock, and McCoy investigate and meet a pair of aliens who seem capable of performing magic.
When an American spy submarine suddenly goes silent in hostile North Korea, Bartlet must decide whether to inform the enemy or attempt a secret rescue operation.
Meanwhile the rest of the gang are subjected to a Raj's surprise Murder Mystery party that leads the gang to speculate where they might all be 20 years from now.
While assisting an ex-Vice President in his quest for attention, the boys get trapped by a cave-in and while searching for a way out, Cartman discovers treasure.
While out for a mind-clearing run, Banfield encounters a desperate situation and finds herself trying to rescue a very young girl from drowning in a nearby lake.
While the crew enjoys some relaxation in Tom Paris's latest holodeck program, an Irish village named Fair Haven, Captain Janeway falls for a holographic barkeep.
The local people declare that Gabrielle is a Devi, a Hindu healing deity, but Xena grows suspicious of the power's source when Gabrielle begins acting strangely.
Ray helps Zoe escape to live with her sister when she arrives in the ER after a beating by her father, and Pratt fakes a blood test to help Darnell avoid arrest.
Giles arrives and reveals that the First Evil, first encountered in the episode Amends is trying to destroy the Slayer line by killing all the Potential Slayers.
With his dating style being cramped by Howard having to drive him everywhere, Richie convinces his father to buy a second family car that he can use on weekends.
When Dave Novaro turns up dead, suspects include not only Jessica herself, but also Dave's business partners and high school chums Neil Fraser and Lillian Conway.
A voodoo curse of death caused by the marriage of a plantation heir to the wrong person, sets off a string of events in Jamaica when Jessica visits an old friend.
A woman is forced to relive the same day over and over as she tries to prevent Mulder and Scully from being killed by her boyfriend during a bank robbery attempt.
In a flashback to 1952, Angel is not the atoning vampire of present day, but a recluse who is detached from the tortured humans around him, until one fateful day.
Angel unwittingly crosses paths with Wolfram and Hart when he comes to the aid of a young woman, Bethany, who possesses telekinetic powers far beyond her control.
' Phoebe volunteers to collect Christmas donations for the poor, but ends up getting a bucket full of unwanted 'contributions,' so she gets tough with the donors.
This half of the pilot focuses on developing a relationship between Sisko and the wormhole aliens and positioning the space station prominently near the wormhole.
Ross doesn't want to attend, but when Carol's parent's don't approve of the wedding, Ross convinces her that she should do it anyway, and he gives away the bride.
Carter notices that the baby is not kicking and rushes Kem to the ER. The med students graduate, with a slew of Neela's relatives coming to town for the ceremony.
Chandler plans a big birthday hoopla for Ross, but the expense involved touches a nerve with Phoebe, Joey, and Rachel, who don't make as much money as the others.
The boys soon discover that the soon-to-be Mrs Chef is actually an evil Succubus that intends to devour Chef's soul once they get married and set out to stop her.
Data is sent to evacuate a human colony when the hostile non-humanoid species that possesses the planet by treaty with the Federation, and now want to inhabit it.
The Doctor, Sarah and Harry arrive on board and are greeted with suspicion by the awakening survivors, just as the menace of the insectoid Wirrn becomes apparent.
Gabrielle marries Perdicus, her hometown sweetheart, and leaves Xena and their travels, at the same time that Callisto escapes from prison with vengeance in mind.
General Fulbright captures the A-Team then offers to let them prove their innocence by accompanying him to Vietnam and rescuing a POW who could clear their names.
Having been kidnapped for ten years, a little boy mysteriously reappears in the same place as he was kidnapped but somehow has not aged one bit while he was away.
Hawkeye becomes so disgusted with the stalled Panmunjom peace talks that he impulsively takes matters into his own hands, and goes to the meetings to lend a hand.
Hulk Hogan comes to visit B.A. but the reunion is interrupted by a cry for help from a troubled youth with an alcoholic father, who is pursued by a crazy mobster.
Intelligence officer Colonel Flagg, and psychiatrist Sidney Freedman, grapple over the fate of a wounded officer, Captain Chandler, who claims to be Jesus Christ.
Led by Mysterion, Coon and Friends work to help out with the Gulf crisis and stop Cthulhu, but the Coon, recently kicked out of Coon and Friends, has other ideas.
When his request is granted they investigate the deaths of several Green Beret soldiers who participated in a sleep deprivation experiment during the Vietnam war.
While she's falling, Lister rushes back and gets a crossbow and a rope which Kryten happened to have handy, and harpoons Kochanski and pulls her back to his side.
Season Finale, A seemingly ordinary day with the usual collection of patients turns anything but when two prisoners intent on escape come to the ER for treatment.
While they try to decide what to do next, the gang are interrupted by the mysterious hooded figures called Harbingers or Bringers , the minions of the First Evil.
Stardate: Unknown Doctor Crusher becomes attracted to an injured alien with mysterious powers, who is being tracked down by his government like a wanted criminal.
Stardate: Unknown A natural disaster in the core of a system's sun threatens to destroy a colony of genetically engineered people on an otherwise desolate planet.
Stardate: Unknown The Enterprise's computer systems starts having repeated malfunctions, leading the crew to believe that it may be evolving into a new life form.
Q finally reveals himself that humanity is still on trial, and that Picard must stop an event in the future that will end the threat of humanity once and for all.
Stardate: Unknown A transporter accident sends Dax, Sisko and Bashir back in time to the year 2024, when San Fransisco was plagued with riots and social upheaval.
Much to the chagrin of his father and other board members, Carter announces that the foundation's focus will be switching from arts and entertainment to medicine.
The lads bring Chris to stay at the house in an attempt to improve his chances at 'King of the Sheep 98', but can Ted quell his burping in time for the great day?
The Cybermen have taken over the world, but four Daleks that hid themselves in the void want to awaken something they brought in a capsule called the Genesis Ark.
The Enterprise travels to a planet suffering from cultural contamination from an earlier expedition, the inhabitants mimic the culture of 1920's gangland Chicago.
Phoebe's doctor is obsessed with Fonzie, but Ross's attempts to find a more satisfactory doctor only yield a very young looking resident whom Phoebe won't accept.
The gang at Cheers declares war when rival bar, Gary's Old Town Tavern, steals the trophy celebrating their one and only sporting victory in a bowling tournament.
Sam and Josh try unsuccessfully to get Leo out of the line of fire of a Congressman on the committee intent on destroying Leo to advance his own political career.
However, the soldier was a concert pianist before the war, so Winchester obtains music written by Maurice Ravel for a pianist that had lost a hand in World War I.
To get Paddy's pub labeled a historical landmark, the gang tells the Philadelphia Historical Society that their bar was responsible for cracking the Liberty Bell.
Voyager comes to the aid of the Equinox, another Federation starship also abducted by the Caretaker, now under attack by mysterious aliens from another dimension.
After Elizabeth loses another patient to a post-op infection, an investigation is launched and someone is assigned to shadow her all day to check her cleanliness.
Mulder's growing disinclination to share his thoughts on the case in the face of Ryan's, and Scully's!-evident skepticism doesn't endear him to the woman, either.
While Sheldon and Howard continue their bonding holiday to Houston, Texas, Sheldon's surprise visit to see his Mommy forces him to start addressing a new reality.
However, things take an unexpected twist when Gabrielle decides to alter her play to beat a new play opening across the street by the famous playwright Sophocles.
A woman turns up claiming that Jessica's late husband was the father of her child and he is in deep trouble involving fraud in his construction company and murder.
Abby's family nightmare continues as she and her mother Maggie search for Abby's missing brother Eric, who Abby suspects is suffering from serious mental problems.
After a smegging unbearable wait, the Dwarfers return for this brand new series! An alternative USA where technology is banned means trouble for Rimmer and Kryten.
In the game, Penny casts a love spell on Sheldon and Amy's characters which gets Amy very upset because they are treating her and Sheldon's relationship as a joke.
The baffling babble epidemic leads to a quarantine that falls to Kira to cure, while the immune Odo and Quark work together to avoid a panicked ship's destruction.
The responsibility for procuring a new generator falls on Klinger, who lacks Radar's masterful knack of cutting through red tape in search of much-needed supplies.
Cartman starts a new business venture called The Crack Baby Athletic Association, and he extends to Kyle the opportunity to get in the company on the ground floor.
But Xena and her friends aren't the only one after the chakram of light, Ares, and a rival War God Kal are also scheming to gain the ultimate power it will bestow.
from a young captain in the US Army recruited to assassinate President Kennedy, to becoming the mysterious man in the shadows at the height of a global conspiracy.
Grissom investigates when a sadistic client tries to murder Lady Heather, Melinda Clarke, who makes the probe more difficult when she refuses to name her attacker.
In the days leading up to the State of the Union address, Toby gets crucial voter feedback when he accompanies Joey as she mall-tests the speech around the nation.
Things get worse David's supposed alibi, Lila Schroeder, is found murdered, and Jessica learns that there were a number of people who had reason to want Lila dead.
Jessica's niece Nita loves her role on a long-standing daytime soap opera, but worries about her job security when her character turns out to be the serial killer.
Langston becomes more determined than ever to track down Nate Haskell, the notorious Dick & Jane killer, after discovering that he's kidnapped his ex-wife, Gloria.
Sitting in the empty bar, he flashes back to a disco that he attended with his past-time shipmates,, Petersen, Chen and Selby,, and finally senses how alone he is.
Now that Riley knows that Buffy is the Slayer, and she knows that he is one of the mysterious commandos, they are having a hard time redefining their relationship.
Pusher returns as Robert Patrick Modell escapes from the mental hospital and the FBI promptly organises a manhunt assuming that he will continue where he left off.
Emily stresses about the wedding arrangements, and everything is on the verge of collapsing when the demolition work starts on the building where they were to wed.
Stardate: Unknown An accident, which occurs while traveling through the wormhole, leaves Kira and Bashir stranded in an alternate universe where humans are slaves.
Stardate: Unknown Garak must decide whether or not to kill Odo to please his mentor, Enabran Tain, on the eve of a joint Romulan-Cardassian attack on the Dominion.
When B'Elanna is disgusted by its unrealistic perfectionism, she alters the program to include random events and outcomes with interesting and devastating results.
Tired of their constant complaints about the quality of recreational activities at the 4077th, Colonel Potter appoints Hawkeye and B.J. as the new morale officers.
Toby gets Jed's support to seize a controversial window of opportunity to save Social Security, but is hampered by Jed's mandate to keep the operation under wraps.
Walker and Trivette get help from a legendary Texas Ranger, back to seek justice for his murdered son, to help track down an assassin with a senator in his sights.
Walker's Old-West story of bounty-hunter Hayes Cooper continues, Cooper joins the Texas Rangers, and they track down the land baron who murdered the Wilson family.
While in New York, Jessica is forced to defend herself after Edward Stone, a man whose conviction she was instrumental in years earlier, dies during a jail escape.
The prime suspect in the case turns out to be Captain Brass' daughter, which causes Brass to take himself off the investigation professionally, but not personally.
While she recuperates in the care of a local family, Gabrielle is left to fend for herself against cutthroats and thieves in a tavern while awaiting Xena's return.
A Jem'Hadar child is found abandoned in the wreckage of a salvaged ship and Odo attempts to raise him to be something other than a ruthless soldier of the Dominion.
But Scully soon learns that Donnie is very keen on going after the one victim that managed to escape him, Dana Scully when Reverend Orison breaks him out of prison,
Meanwhile, into the chaos walks Angel, who has come to apologize to Buffy for the fight they had in L.A., but Riley sees only that there is another vampire in town.
After Penny feels Leonard is taking her for granted, she decides to go on a spa weekend with Amy instead of Leonard leaving Sheldon to play the unlikely peacemaker.
Clabberts Old Folks Home, otherwise known as 'Jurassic Park'. Unfortunately, Jack's replacement happens to be one of the nastiest priests ever, Father Fintan Stack.
After surviving a plane crash that was supposed to kill him and an important witness, Walker must protect the witness from hit men coming to make sure they're dead.
Air Force One is forced to keep aloft for almost 24 hours when an indicator light leads the flight crew to believe that the landing gear isn't functioning properly.
But Buffy needs to tear him away from his filmmaking because the Seal of Danzalthar is active and Andrew may hold the key to closing it before it destroys the town.
Angel, Fred and Gunn take a road trip to Las Vegas to enlist Lorne's help in finding Cordelia, but when the get there Lorne doesn't even acknowledge their presence.
As a Swedish team threatens to beat Leonard and Sheldon to proving their own theory, they consider breaking some rules in order to be able to make their experiment.
Carter has trouble persuading the victim of a nursing home fire to sign a DNR for her husband and later is asked to fake a diagnosis for a family with no insurance.
Chandler can't bear to fire an employee he's attracted to, so he starts to date her and tells everyone else she's mentally unbalanced, so it isn't safe to fire her.
A side trip to San Diego, where Mark's parents live, unveils Mark's uncomfortable relationship with his father and leads to a heated exchange between Mark and Doug.
It leads him to join a like minded group of people, and also leads him to Viktor Kennedy, a man unlike no other, who will soon destroy what little happiness he had,
The Japanese seem hell-bent on killing all the worlds' dolphins and whales, but Stan takes up the cause to try and save the marine animals from senseless slaughter.
Upon having sex with her, He falls in love with her and she, even though they have disposed of the concept of 'love' aboard the ship, feels something for him, also.
In the Amazon's rain forests, the A-Team has some issues locating their target, since they're on unknown territory, but then their Vietnam experience comes to help.
It seems the Coon is more nefarious than even the dark lord, Cthulhu! While the Coon punishes his former friends, Kenny wrestles with the burden of his superpowers.
Punishment for that is to spend three weeks in the Hole where they meet Birdman, who has been in there for nine years and has only one friend, a sparrow named Pete.
Mac and Dee become uncomfortable when the rest of the guys decide to make some extra money by exploiting the similarities between a water stain and the Virgin Mary.
Rose battles the murderous Ood and the Doctor finds his every belief being challenged to the core, as the Pit beckons in the concluding part of this two-part story.
Mark inherits a mangy dog from a patient and decides to give it to Rachel for Christmas, but ends up not doing so when he finds Craig has already given her a puppy.
Season Finale, Kovac and Benton are rushed to the site of a school shooting where they disagree over who is more critical, the injured gunman or one of his victims.
Sheldon calculates that he'll be dead before technology exists to download his consciousness into a robot, so he goes on a binge of healthy living and ultra-safety.
Stardate: Unknown Picard meets an old flame, who is now married to a scientist that accidentally rips the fabric of space and inadvertently creates a new dimension.
When Riker is abducted by a band of criminals who loot archaeological digs, he is shocked to find Picard alive and well, and undercover as a renegade archaeologist.
Lister tries to kill the rest of the gang but Kryten successfully removes the implant, only to stick it into Cat, who gets revenge on Lister for trying to kill him.
Richie and Fonzie get together with two lonely milkmaids, and, when their father catches them in his barn with his daughters, he says they will have to get married.
The Defiant attempts to rescue Captain Lisa Cusak who has crashed on a planet with high amounts of carbon dioxide, with a limited supply of triox to keep her alive.
While creeping through a derelict library that has more than books among its shelves, the duo have to face Shifting shadows, scary Nodes, and a ravenous Data Ghost.
His investigation attempt hits a snag when Ben is brainwashed by the colony's subliminal conditioning, and turns in his friends for acting against colony interests.
The Romanian government tries to get the girls to return in the custody of their estranged father, and Janet Reno sends the national guard in to help retrieve them.
The future of peace at stake when a band of renegade Jem'Hadar discovers an ancient Iconian Gateway, which can enable them to launch attacks anywhere in the galaxy.
The investigation into a body found in a chimney leads the CSIs to re-open an investigation of an unsolved homicide of a female teenager named Caroline Fitzgibbons.
Rimmer, however, is sentenced to 9000 years in prison for the second degree murder of the Red Dwarf's complement of 1167 personnel,, not counting himself or Lister.
The team discovers that a series of seemingly random deaths by homemade electric chairs are actually linked to a murderous miscarriage of justice seventy years ago.
To help Buffy get over the pain of having been used by Parker, the gang head to a fraternity Halloween party expecting a few cheap scares and a bit of harmless fun.
When Trivette's friend unexpectedly dies in a nursing home, Walker and Trivette discover the residents are being used as guinea pigs in illegal medical experiments.
When a deranged hunter, Prince Morloch, bent on hunting down Amazons for sport, corners them, Xena steps into avenge the Queen's death and train a new Amazon Queen.
During a voyage on the Queen Mary, Lady Abigail Austin teams up with a police inspector and his son to solve the murder of a former Gestapo officer aboard the ship.
When an undercover agent is exposed and brutally slain, her three younger siblings, including an AWOL Marine, swear vengeance and take the law into their own hands.
A French salvage ship searching for a lost WWII fighter plane unknowingly surfaces an alien which appears in the form of black oil and has the ability to jump hosts.
A classic episode in which Colonel Flagg and another secret agent from another intelligence agency come to the 4077th to keep their eyes on one another and the camp.
A mysterious stranger approaches Spike claiming responsibility for recorporealizing him in a mission to guide Spike in supplanting Angel as the new vampire champion.
A super-intelligent virus program is let loose on the Internet and begins to grow and expand by itself, eventually killing its creator when he tries to eradicate it.
Chen's mother visits the ER and invites her to dinner, even though she is surprised by Chen's pregnancy, and speechless when Chen tells her that the father is black.
After years of pursuit and a countless number of murders, Langston comes face-to-face with serial killer Nate Haskell inside the house where his killing spree began.
He plans to let Columbo dig up the site and find nothing, knowing that its the perfect place to hide the body since Columbo would never look in the same place twice.
An explosion in a high school science lab brings a flood of patients to the ER. Lawrence's memory continues to deteriorate, and more staff members become suspicious.
Angel resists the appeal of parents seeking help from Wolfram & Hart regarding their son's supernatural abilities after he discovers that the boy is his son, Connor.
As they remain at Donna's bedside while she recuperates from surgery to remove a pulmonary embolism, Colin questions Josh about his personal relationship with Donna.
Meanwhile, Margeret finds out her estranged husband Donald has tied up their joint account, while fending off at first,, then accepting,, the advances of Greenleigh.
Rachel finally gets around to taking down the Christmas lights, but falls off the balcony in the process, and ends up hanging upside down outside Mr Heckles' window.
Stopping Draco's evil plan to sell a temple full of Hestian virgins as slaves may be child's play for Xena, but however will they overcome all those raging hormones?
After the initial shock, Lister realizes that he has the run of the ship, allowing him to be, basically, himself, a lazy, easygoing slob without a care in the world.
Glory has Dawn, and plans to use her blood to open the portal to her home dimension, even though the portal will cause all the hell dimensions to bleed into our own.
Grissom suspects murder when the body of a dwarf is found hanging from a rope high above a stage in a casino hotel where a convention of little people is being held.
In the 11th season premiere, the gang agree to a truce and demonstrate Chardee MacDennis for an interested board game executive, but things quickly go off the rails.
Kira and O'Brien try to rescue a famed Bajoran resistance fighter from a Cardassian slave-labour colony in an attempt to bring peace to the warring Bajoran factions.
After playing a practical joke on Ackerman they are forced to play in an inmates vs guards basketball game and win by putting erectile solution in the guards drinks.
While searching for leads on the killer, the agents come across many bizarre characters including the local sheriff who was once known as Jim Jim, the Dog-Faced Boy.
No-one takes much notice when a death row inmate vows on the electric chair to come back from the dead and kill 5 men who have wronged him during his time in prison.
Not having enough to do now that Richie and Joanie are growing up and because she feels as though she's a slave to Howard, Marion gets a job waitressing at Arnold's.
On a box they found some supplies in, Lister notices has a label Ouroboros, with a symbol on it, a snake biting his own tail, meaning infinity, a neverending circle.
When the crew of Voyager finds out that Paris and Kim have already been tried, convicted and sentenced, they set off in search of the true perpetrators of the crime.
Posing the theory that people will believe in anything, Charles and Hawkeye start a rumor that Marilyn Monroe plans to visit the 4077th, which gets everyone excited.
Raj moves in with Leonard and Penny and a period of adjustment begins for the three, while the usually self-centered Sheldon shows surprising interest in Amy's work.
Joey contemplates investing in an Emu farm, but Monica says he should invest in real estate, and suggests her ex-boyfriend Richard's apartment, which is up for sale.
Stardate: Unknown Q hurls the Enterprise into the Delta Quadrant and introduces the Federation to a powerful new enemy that may destroy the Alpha Quadrant, the Borg.
Stardate: Unknown Doctor Crusher begins to question her sanity when members of the crew start disappearing one by one, and all evidence of their existence is erased.
The CSIs start a frenzy of betting pools when it looks like they're about to hit The Cycle, a homicide, suicide, accidental death and natural death during one shift.
Matters become complicated when they rescue an Air Force pilot and cannot return him without changing history, but if he disappears that will change history as well.
The Doctor and Romana arrive in search of the fifth segment and are immediately swept up in a conflict between the crew of a new refinery and the embittered natives,
The Troika's latest scheme, a new device which will make women their mindless slaves, goes horribly wrong when Warren's ex-girlfriend Katrina is accidentally killed.
The army has tracked down the A-Team in L.A. and so the A-Team leaves L.A. with the help of David Running-Bear they go to the Midwest, where he has an task for them.
Warrick ends up becoming the prime suspect in a murder that's related to the mob, and his addiction to pills starts to have a significant impact on his job as a CSI.
Henry Blake, challenged by another commander to a boxing tournament, makes Trapper fight a big, intimidating soldier in exchange for keeping the nurse at the 4077th.
Meanwhile, the new vampire in town, Mr Trick, rallies a group of tough vampires, demons and mercenaries together to play a game with the two Slayers, Slayerfest '98.
Jessica ends up in the hot seat, but it turns out that the dead embezzler was sleeping with a lot of his clients, and any one of them had an ample motive for murder.
This old man was once one of 'Los Hermanos Numeros', a family of Luchadores, Mexican wrestlers which helped the helpless until one day they were slain by Tezcatcatl.
The boys schedule the fight for after school, so that it isn't disrupted by the shop teacher, Mr Adler, who is still mourning the tragic death of his former fiancee.
Winchester infuriates the camp when he hoards his stateside newspapers, and Hawkeye reunites two Korean brothers who have been fighting on opposite sides of the war.
Worf is forced to choose between the life of his wife Jadzia, and the success of the mission when they must rendezvous with Cardassian defector who seeks their help.
It will allow her and her baby to hide, but once there she runs into her son Solan, who has chosen to live in Tartarus in order to retain his memories of his mother.
Hawkeye and BJ try to pass him off as South Korean, but a chance encounter with some North Korean soldiers passing themselves off as South Koreans exposes the scheme.
Luka and Abby's childcare emergency means balancing baby care with patient care in the ER until a nanny can be found, but the candidates prove less than satisfactory.
Meanwhile, Luka and Abby begin making wedding plans, but is their engagement still a secret? Sam makes a difficult choice about Alex, and wonders if she's failed him.
Mulder and Scully join the investigation and follow up this lead which the police won't bother with and they are led to a retarded man who works at the bowling alley.
An Indian mystic whose son died in a chemical plant accident smuggles himself into the United States and takes his revenge on two families in suburban Washington D.C.
Buffy returns from summer vacation with a major attitude and recurring nightmares involving the Master, even as the Anointed One and his followers plot their revenge.
As he becomes more and more frantic, Angel begins to go off the deep end, and his staff worries that they are the only thing standing between Angel and real darkness.
In the first of four specials to mark the departure of David Tennant, The Doctor finds himself taking a bus ride that leads him and everyone else into serious danger.
It's the All-Priests Over-75s Five-A-Side Football challenge, and disaster looms when Ted's star player is nobbled by a bottle of Dreamy-Sleepy Nighty Snoozey-Snooze.
Jessica is determined to prove that George is innocent of the current murder, which leads her to look into the murder from long ago of Ann's previous fianc'e, Nathan.
fearing that the administration is drifting off-course, Toby wants to hand over more responsibilities to Will in order to focus on getting back to their core message.
Mr Trick enlists Giles's old buddy Ethan Rayne to manufacture and distribute boxes of candy which turn the adult population into uninhibited, irresponsible teenagers.
On Christmas Eve, Amy plans a traditional Victorian dinner, while Raj, Leonard and Howard scramble to remove a pigeon that flew into the clean room at the university.
Now, her grief-stricken lover, Angel's old hunting companion, is out for revenge for both the present killing and for a betrayal Angelus committed over 200 years ago.
On a visit home to see her mother, Xena, Gabrielle and baby Eve are trapped in Amphipolis when Athena and her army surround the village and plan to kill Xena's child.
Go to her'. The phone call leads Scully to a murder case where the victim's 3-year-old adopted daughter bears an uncanny likeness to her sister, Melissa, at that age.
Lister finds Kochanski and the Cat, who is being held in the medical bay while they try to figure out exactly what he is and the three find the no-personality Kryten.
Al gives her and her group a job at Arnold's after a successful audition, but Officer Kirk threatens to shut the place down after learning of Leather's troubled past.
The girls are curious and peruse the Playboy to check out the women, and get into a discussion of which one of the three each would chose to date if they had to pick.
In this altered reality, the Federation is at war with the Klingons, Tasha Yar is alive, and only Guinan's unique perception of reality may restore the true timeline.
Stardate: Unknown The Enterprise is slowly transformed into an ancient alien temple when Data discovers an alien archive full of information about an ancient culture.
Stardate: Unknown An overwhelming Klingon task force mysteriously arrives at the station, supposedly to aid their Federation allies in the fight against the Dominion.
Stardate: Unknown Bashir and Dax try to find a cure for a planet-wide infection that was induced by the Jem'Hadar as a form of punishment for disobeying the Dominion.
The TARDIS then materialises briefly in present-day Wimbledon, where a young girl named Dodo Chaplet stumbles aboard the TARDIS and is whisked away on new adventures.
When the situation is resolved, Ben and Polly discover that this is the very day on which they began travelling with the First Doctor, and choose to remain in London.
when they fail to bribe Chandler and Joey with season Knicks tickets, they try making another bet, and lose again, so they have neither the tickets nor the apartment.
However, when Xena learns his plan, she turns on him, which leaves lasting repercussions on Xena, who must find a way to stop Caligula and his Cult of Blood for good.
The Goddess is interfering in one of Cupid's love spellswhich will unite two kingdoms by putting a spell on Joxer, who behaves like a real hero whenever a bell rings.
While Angel is busy dealing with this threat, Lindsey and his coworkers are working on summoning something else which will make Angel's unlife a lot more interesting.
A judge about to reveal important information to Alex and Walker is assassinated via helicopter, and the investigation reveals a connection to the adult film business.
Back at the hospital, Susan is frustrated with her subordinates not listening to her, and faces the fact that she can't be everyone's friend and boss at the same time.
After being pushed out of his job as Chief of Staff by Kerry, Romano takes control of the ER and wreaks havoc and manages to get himself beaten up in a bar after work.
After running into an old friend, Xena learns that several different assassins are on a mission for four clues that lead to finding the lost treasure of the Sumerians.
Meanwhile, a lonely Raj considers taking experimental medication to cure himself of his inability to talk to women while sober, and Sheldon devises three-person chess.
Butters' dad sends him off to special camp to Pray the Gay Away when he believes that his son is bi-curious after catching him in a compromising position with Cartman.
Meanwhile, Kyle and Stan enter a videotape they made of Cartman holding a tea party with stuffed animals in the weekly contest held by America's Stupidest Home Videos.
They link the murder to a doctor incarcerated in a mental institute and Doggett becomes convinced that the doctor is orchestrating the crimes from within the hospital.
Doctor Marshal Cahill, the head of a think tank, is forced to protect his plagarizing son by killing the professor, Nichols, who discovered the plagarized information.
During the Korean War, Frank Fletcher was on the flight crew of a C-97 cargo plane called The Dixie Damsel, which disappeared after the crew bailed out during a storm.
Grissom and his crew handle their highest profile case to date when the city's former chief of detectives is slain execution-style in his house following a wild party.
Holly claims to have invented a faster than light device called the Holly Hop Drive which appears to be nothing more than a red box with a stop and start button on it.
In the season finale, Charlie accidentally puts Paddy's up as a prize for a dance marathon, which prompts the gang to enter the competition in order to save their bar.
After Langley's will reveals that he left everything to his dog, Teddy, the family is determined to get their hands on the money by having the dog declared a murderer.
Her dress gets caught in her underwear, she finds out that Barry's parents told everyone she was insane from syphilis, and Barry and his best man make jokes about her.
They begin their journey, a journey that will ultimately lead them to a meeting with a historical A-List Celebrity that could alter the entire history of civilisation.
Mulder and Doggett join forces to investigate the arson attack on a genetics lab where one of the doctors suspected of experimenting with alien impregnation is killed.
Nick returns and demands of Carla a more equitable division of their marital property, namely him getting custody of one of their kids, a demand to which Carla agrees.
Once she find's out she can change her name to anything she wants, she chooses Princes Consuela Bananahammock, leading Mike to threaten to change his name to Crap Bag.
Stardate: Unknown Riker discovers that eight years ago an exact duplicate of him was created when he beamed through a planet's surface while returning to his starship.
The A-Team discovers a plot to dump toxic waste, which has been used by criminals for years, when they try to protect a young man and his blind sister from harassment.
The A-Team travels to South America where they become the law in a town built to house workers of a power plant that has been experiencing a number of fatal accidents.
The CSI team investigate the murder of a man whose daughter was killed five years ago, and the bizarre death of a young man who appears to have been killed by a T-Rex.
Santini is forced to engineer a perfect murder, he kills the owner while apparently performing his famous water tank illusion on stage in front of dozens of witnesses.
The Rutan starts picking off the surviving humans one by one as the Doctor and Leela struggle to defeat not only the alien but an entire fleet waiting to occupy Earth.
Waterfield dies saving the Doctor's life, and the Doctor and Jamie take Victoria with them as they depart, leaving the Dalek factions to fight each other to the death.
The TARDIS materialises on a runway at Gatwick Airport, and when the Doctor and his friends scatter to avoid policemen, Polly witnesses a murder in an airplane hangar.
At the same time, the kid shows that Cartman has been losing weight, but Kyle gets suspicious, as he knows no one gets skinny as quickly as Cartman seems to have done.
The blast sends him sprawling into a mound of debris, but after chasing off the demon the Scoobies collect Xander who seems to be dazed but alright, and walk him home.
The rest of the gang fall for Sheldon's twin sister, and Leonard's plan to win her heart is derailed when Sheldon declares he'll be the one to decide who can date her.
Two murders that happen during Las Vegas' annual bull riding rodeo are investigated by the CSIs, who find that the murders might be connected to illegal bull breeding.
When one of the scientists is killed and the objects are stolen, the agents investigate and Mulder begins to experience severe neurological pain caused by the objects.
Weaver goes on the warpath after noticing staff members taking shortcuts in their work, including Abby, who discharges a woman prematurely without running extra tests.
Also, Wolowitz meets the half-brother he never knew he had, and when Penny is invited to appear on Wil Wheaton's podcast, she and Leonard have a huge, on-air argument.
While supervising Jake and Nog during a school field trip to the Gamma Quadrant, Commander Sisko and Quark are captured by the soldiers of the Dominion, The Jem'Hadar.
But the Doctor's nemesis, the Master, intervenes, and the real truth behind the trial comes to light, and with it, the shocking secret of the Valeyard's true identity,
Meanwhile Faith finds herself under the wing of a new Watcher, Gwendolyn Post, a prim and proper Englishwoman who seems to be intent on showing up Giles at every turn.
When the killings continue as he sits in jail, Mulder's battle with a former colleague gets more heated when he suggests that something more paranormal may be involved.
A wave of unexplained and extreme violence against women is traced back to Billy, the young man that Angel was forced to free from a demonic prison a few weeks earlier.
Legaspi is accused of sexual misconduct by the teenager who caused the train crash, leading Weaver to become concerned that their personal relationship will be exposed.
After Neelix and Paris come to blows over Kes, they find themselves trapped together on a planet dubbed Planet Hell and become the unwilling parents of an infant alien.
After being dropped by her publisher in favor of Jessica, 'mystery queen' Eudora McVeigh arrives in Cabot Cove with deception on her mind, desperate to get back on top.
After having a falling out with Frank over the creative direction of Lethal Weapon 6, Mac, Dennis, and Charlie seek an alternative source of funding to finish the film.
The agents soon discover that Betts' body is riddled with cancer and he is able to live in that condition but needs to feed on cancerous tumors to keep up his strength.
Amy and Bernadette organize a prom to be held atop the guys' apartment complex, but Sheldon is leery of all the prom pomp, circumstance and romancing that goes with it.
Cigarette Smoking Man helps Mulder to obtain Scully's cure and also lets him see his real sister who doesn't turn out to be as happy to see Mulder as he would've liked.
Fonzie has struck up a friendship with Sticks Downey, a new youth in the area, and has secured him to play drums with the band at Richie's upcoming Hawaiian luau party.
There are several versions of what happened, according to Frank, he was trying to hold the 4077th together during heavy casualties when everyone else was falling apart.
The boys have the key that will save everyone from the onslaught but they're stranded in the Andes Mountains where they find out the startling truth behind the attacks.
Grissom, Sara and Warrick are called in to investigate an abandoned, blood-splattered apartment and Nick and Catherine must examine a dead scuba diver lodged in a tree.
Hawkeye and B.J. discover that Charles is living the life of Riley, thanks to the attentions of his menially paid Korean servant, Comrade Park, a man of unusual skills.
In a South Park homage to the 1981 film, Heavy Metal, the boys try to help Kenny kick the latest drug craze that has become a hit with schoolchildren across the nation.
It's double trouble when Gabrielle, Autolycus and Joxer plot to stop Joxer's look-alike brother, Jett, a deadly assassin, from killing his next target, Queen Cleopatra.
Joey doesn't get along well with the roboticist, Wayne who controls his co-star, C.H.E.E.S.E. To save himself from being fired, he teaches Wayne how to talk with women.
Donna lobbies for an increase in her job responsibilities, and gives Josh the silent treatment until she lands a place on a Congressional delegation to the Middle East.
Stardate: Unknown The Enterprise is placed in a compromising situation when the roguish captain of a disabled starship places the crew in the middle of a love triangle.
Stardate: Unknown The crew of the Enterprise must defend the planet Ventax from a mythological Devil who re-appears when a 1,000 year long era of peace comes to an end.
The Doctor has no choice but to go back for a cure, unaware that he is leaving Sarah Jane in the hands of a treacherous Doctor Solon and the renegade Time Lord Morbius.
The Doctor tries to improve his programming by incorporating traits from famous and historical people, but is soon overwhelmed by the dark sides of their personalities.
The Japanese mob kidnaps Amy, the daughter of a Texas power broker named Jesse Morell, unaware she's become a proteg'e of Walkers, and may be more than they can handle.
The edge of the known universe, in the year 37,166. The TARDIS lands on the planet Zeta Minor, where a Morestran survey team has suffered a series of horrific killings.
The tyrannical Borad rules with an iron fist, and any who oppose him are cast into the Timelash, a space-time tunnel leading to the past of an alien world called Earth,
Told Leonard is the center of the gang and miffed that they've started hanging out at Raj's, Sheldon seeks to form a new group of friends of which he can be the center.
Trapped in the catacombs between a mad warlord and ravenous monsters, the Doctor and Romana work desperately to obtain the segment of the Key to Time, and escape alive.
While Buffy tries to control a motherless Dawn and bring their lives back to some sort of normalcy, Tara is captured by Glory who is desperately trying to find the Key.
Thus, Hawkeye and Trapper invent the famed Spam Lamb! Meanwhile, a soldier who had shot himself to get out of the army confesses to Frank, thinking he is Father Mulcahy.
A data-overloaded Seven of Nine starts making accusations of conspiracy when Voyager encounters an alien with technology that can catapult the ship years closer to home.
The Doctor sends a holo-novel for publication based on a lost starship with a doctor who is treated like a slave, which causes controversy among the members of the ship.
After Woody, Kelly and her father Lloyd arrive at Cheers talking about classical music, they'd been to a symphony, Rebecca joins in the conversation and impresses Lloyd.
After exacting revenge on Warren for Tara's death, an extremely powerful and vengeful Willow now vows to go after the other two members of the trio, Jonathan and Andrew.
After pushing too hard on a case powerful people do not want solved, Los Angeles homicide detective Jake Ballinger is farmed out to teach criminology at a local college.
Agent Reyes takes the lead while investigating an X-file case, surrounding a man found skinned alive after having visions of seeing other people appearing skinned alive.
Will is unhappy, but his boss doesn't seem to mind, when a request to beef up the Vice President's issue profile results in Toby's handing him boring, low-level minutae.
Back at the Summers house, Dawn is terrorized by an unseen force, while Willow is visited in the library by the ghost of Cassie Newton, who says she's been sent by Tara.
Upon hearing the news of Cartman's good fortune a hemorrhoid erupts in Kyle's ass causing him to question the existence of a God who can make someone like Cartman happy.
But while investigating Doggett stumbles onto something that he never knew about Mulder but all of this information comes at a high price when his life is put in danger.
The Doctor, Sarah Jane, and Scorby are trapped in the manor as a possessed Chase stalks them from within, while the gigantic Krynoid prepares to crush them from without.
Jessica heads to see her nephew, Johnny, play baseball and winds up in the middle of a mystery after his friend Charlie is accused of murdering the team's pre-game host.
Kirk and a landing party are stranded on a planet due to a disease that causes any adult to die a painful death, and must deal with the local children who have survived.
The crew realize that it is a simulant ship and hightail it, but they cannot leave without the heads so they dress up as GELFs and make a deal with the simulant captain.
Monica's excitement about her new place of work doesn't really phase Chandler, until she mentions that one of her co-workers, Jeffery is the funniest guy she's ever met.
Nick's case of an injured skydiver takes an interesting turn when Catherine discovers there may be a connection between the skydiver and a mysterious double murder case.
Malucci gets the worst of it when Kovac injects him with Haldol, rendering him useless for the rest of the shift and getting his hand glued to his forehead while asleep.
Ralph, under the advisement of Fonzie, learns to act like a serious gentleman, and Leather, under the advisement of Marion, learns to dress and act like an elegant lady.
Unfortunately, even Satan can't plan for everything as a religious organization and the antics of the most notorious serial killers of all time might ruin his good time.
Ross and Del Amico after Doug discharges one of Anna's patients, but the two work together when a severely beaten Charlie is brought to the ER. Benton's son strengthens.
However, Sarek begins to display sudden and surprising outbursts of emotion and Picard is forced to delve into the ambassador's problems in case they affect the meeting.
Stardate: Unknown Picard, Geordi, Troi and Data return from a Federation conference to find the Enterprise frozen in time and under attack from a frozen Romulan Warbird.
Nobody will listen to the Doctor when he warns them that the Daleks have their own agenda, one which could result in the extermination of all human beings in the colony.
Leo struggles to recover his health, his strength, and his appetite with the help of his nurse, who looks after both his body and his soul with wisdom and determination.
The re-opening of Sunnydale High School feels just like old times for Buffy as some undead students and faculty rise up and blame the Slayer for failing to protect them.
Rimmer questions the validity of the Directives that Kryten used so Holly gives Rimmer a hologram-copy of the directives manual, whereupon Rimmer again goes off to sulk.
Cartman squares off against Shelly when he tries to prove that she has broken his mother's rules, but the pair team up when Shelly looks to get revenge on her boyfriend.
He confides in Jessica after a mentally challenged young man is arrested for the crime, but the case grows more complicated the confessed murderer is herself exonerated.
Walker helps free a man falsely accused of a crime, but when their cellmate is killed after passing off evidence of guard corruption to them, a new investigation begins.
In the meantime, Jake and Abby have trouble hiding their relationship at work, Pratt warily hands a patient over to Jane, and Carter confronts a pair of Demerol junkies.
Xena must protect Gabrielle, while trying to band a village together to save the human race from being obliderated by the inevitable war between the Gods and the Titans.
despite the best efforts of Leo and Charlie to keep him out of it, Bartlet blows a gasket over complaints from U.N. diplomats about parking enforcement in New York City.
When he realizes that his first choice for Vice President faces an uphill fight for nomination, Jed nominates a congressman that none of the staff can get excited about.
When pirates steal some of Voyager's technology, Janeway and Tuvok search their home world and discover her holographic Leonardo Da Vinci who helps them in their search.
When the Doctor and his friends arrive on Earth, they find that Chen has already denounced them as traitors, and Vyon is shot and killed by his own sister, Sara Kingdom.
While escorting a seriously ill boy to the closest Federation Starbase for treatment, Data mysteriously takes control of the Enterprise and takes it to a distant planet.
When they play too rough despite Emily's secret request that they go easy on him, she helps Ross inflict some pain, too, by giving him pointers on their vulnerabilities.
With regular communications to the Alpha Quadrant established, Starfleet sends a mission to Voyager, retrieve a 21st Century probe sent from Earth called Friendship One.
With the rest of the gang off on a desert camping trip to view the Leonid meteor shower, Sheldon must play hero after Penny slips in the tub and dislocates her shoulder.
Xena returns to her home village of Amphipolis in the hopes of atoning for past sins when she saves the small village of Potidaea from being raided by the warlord Draco.
Slowly Mulder and Scully realise his ability and try to work out how he gained his power, but not before he goes after his own father, who happens to be the town sheriff.
After hearing of Dee's success with group dating, the rest of the gang arranges to have the next events be held at Paddy's Pub in order to get some dates and make profit.
Not so much worried about the treasure itself, Xena knows that something more special lies where the treasure does, and with this you can find a special food of the Gods.
Aphrodite accidentally traps Xena in the body of a little girl and must help the child deal with the grief over her mother's death and bridge the rift between her father.
Deep space, the distant future, following Earth's devastation by solar flares, the survivors of mankind are in cryogenic suspension aboard the Nerva Beacon space station.
Face convinces the A-Team to take his case when he receives his fraternity pin in a package from Ecuador from a woman who disappeared from his life fifteen years earlier.
Family and friends gather for Gabrielle's surprise birthday party only to become suspects in a murder investigation instead when a bounty hunter after Xena winds up dead.
Fonzie babysits Heather when Ashley leaves for a tax seminar, but his attention is drawn away by a televised heavyweight title fight leaving Heather resentful toward him.
A fire sends two foster kids and a firefighter to the ER. After treating one of the children, Abby suspects the little girl is suffering from a degenerative eye disorder.
Hodges stages hypothetical murders in the lab in order to give his fellow lab techs a chance to play CSI, but unbeknownst to them he has other motives behind his actions.
Seeing her moronic new boyfriend interact with the gang makes it abundantly clear to Penny that she can't go back to dating stereotypical dumb jocks after dating Leonard.
Will and Toby are humiliated when an early draft of a speech outlining their struggle to laud Bob Russell's confirmation is erroneously substituted for the final version.
But an old friend of Bradey's shows up and wants revenge for the death of his sister, whom Bradey ended up getting killed in a high-school film stunt and then covered up.
While casualties continue to pour in from the front, the 4077th's generator conks out, and the backup has been stolen, depriving the medical unit of all electrical power.
The last person to see Staplin alive was Oscar Finch, a man with very strong political connections and who does not want Columbo nosing around asking just one more thing.
Picard tries to save his newly-discovered son from the retaliation of a vengeful Ferengi whose only son was killed by Picard during the Battle of Maxia many years before.
They arrive at the wedding chapel and are waiting for the previous service to end, when the chapel doors fly open and out walk the drunken Ross and Rachel, newly married.
Sam finds himself attracted to both an old girlfriend and her grown daughter while Woody volunteers to be the clown at the boss' kid's birthday party Rebecca is planning.
Soviet spies need the A-Team's help in preventing the theft of an American satellite weapon, the disappearance of which would disrupt world peace and start World War III.
However, a mind-altering device that has been planted on board alters Picard's mind to make him think that he is reliving a past battle, and the target is the Enterprise.
Stardate: Unknown A planet applying to join the Federation enlists the help of the Enterprise to track down a wanted criminal who has a reputation for excessive violence.
However, the crew doesn't realize that he was actually abducted and placed on display as part of a collection of rare and valuable items held by a disreputable character.
Sunnydale is alive with the sound of music as a mysterious force causes everyone in town to burst into full musical numbers, revealing their innermost secrets as they do.
But 'FunLand', the most pathetic travelling fair ever invented has come to Craggy Island, and while Ted is distracted with Father Jack, Dougal seizes his moment of glory.
Both men died from carbon monoxide poisoning, but seem to have no connection until the fisherman's daughter receives her father's logbook and nautical charts in the mail.
At Georgia Wilson's request, Jessica looks into the crime, and through flashbacks, Sam remembers when Jarvis had offered him $10,000 to make his suicide look like murder.
Phoebe and Rachel decide to use their knowledge of this romance to play some practical jokes on Monica and Chandler, jokes which include Phoebe making passes at Chandler.
Susan's first day back is typically hectic, as she treats a girl with an ectopic pregnancy who refuses to stay for treatment and a man faking a coma to escape his bookie.
When Marcus appears asking for Xena's help in the underworld, fighting against a madman who has seized control of Hades, Xena joins him in his effort to set things right.
When an intense gravity well causes Tuvok, Paris and The Doctor's shuttle crash on a barren planet, they befriend a female alien who had also crashed there years earlier.
While Gabrielle is within a ring of enchanted fire, Xena has amnesia from the power of the ring and believes herself to be Wealthea, the bride of Hrothgar, a Viking lord.
While trying to create a new spell to help Buffy with her Slaying, Willow is distracted by an argument with Anya and accidentally releases a troll from a mystical prison.
But Zehra has a hidden motive, intending to trick some warlords into investing in the production and then running off with the money and placing the blame with Gabrielle.
Doctor Max Rosher, Del Amico's old boyfriend, is at County conducting a feasibility study for a pediatric ward in the ER. Jeanie begins exhibiting pneumonia-like symptoms.
After Jessica's great-niece Carol receives a wedding gift of a silver leprechaun, she confides in Jessica that it was the one gift her grandfather had always promised her.
Meanwhile, Gunn helps Gwen rescue a girl named Lisa from a posh house party, but realises that he has been tricked when L.I.S.A. turns out to be Gwen's latest stolen item.
An alien probe transforms Barclay from a shy, awkward character into an arrogant super-genius who is able to interface with the Enterprise's computer through the holodeck.
How is Donna the key to an ancient plot to destroy the Earth? With time running out, can the Doctor solve the puzzle, defeat the Empress and stop her army of robot Santas?
Award winning actor/director Forest Whitaker begins a six-episode arc as Curtis Ames, a carpenter who suffers a stroke under Luka's care and then sues him for malpractice.
Finding them a substitute for his own absent family, B.J. spends so much time with them that his medical efficiency begins to suffer, and Hawkeye worries about his health.
Bartlet gets closer to making the FEC campaign finance reform-friendly, but his opponents strike back by making Sam's former dalliance with the call girl public knowledge.
Benton's attempts to get away to Carla and Reese on Christmas Eve are continually thwarted by Romano, culminating in Benton forcing the drunken Romano away from a patient.
Carter buries himself in his work to take his mind of his troubles, coming under fire from Weaver and Kovac when he defies ER policy and performs an ICU procedure himself.
Chakotay responds to a distress call, and discovers a group of different species, many of which originate from the Alpha Quadrant, living on a planet stricken by conflict.
Gunn finds himself stuck between old and new allegiances when he learns that a string of brutal and indiscriminate demon murders is the work of members of his former gang.
Jessica's cousin Ann is left waiting at the church when her fianc'e is murdered in a similar fashion to a murder fifteen years ago for which her brother George was blamed.
Mark must overcome numerous obstacles, mostly weather-related, in order to get to the church to marry Elizabeth, who is stuck with both of her bickering, divorced parents.
Norm develops a rich paranoia and decides to look for another bar when wife Vera gets a job upstairs at Melville's, and Lilith helps the gang celebrate Frasier's birthday.
Meanwhile, to distract Giles from focusing on the commandos, Buffy tries to convince him that the recent earthquake might be a prophecy of doom and should be investigated.
They decide to exchange information and Kochanski requests that Lister fills a canister up with his sperm, so that she may have a child as her Lister cannot bear children.
Carter, Pratt and Dakarai find themselves in the middle of the conflict when a man and his pregnant wife arrive at the camp needing treatment, with trouble not far behind.
Trapped with an Earth expedition and the mysterious Ood, the time-travellers face an even greater danger as something ancient beneath the planet's surface begins to awake.
Scully is anxious to recover William from his kidnappers and takes matters into her own hands when the FBI's attempts to assist in the investigation are less than helpful.
Leonard tries to hide his anger when Penny announces that her brother is coming to town and staying with them and Raj invites his ex-girlfriends to give him dating advice.
Spike is searching for the Gem of Amara, a stone which makes vampires immune to crosses, stakes, and sunlight, and he believes that it is buried somewhere under Sunnydale.
Spock's court-martial continues as he attempts to justify his abduction of Pike, the theft of the Enterprise, and his heading for a planet declared forbidden by Starfleet.
Meanwhile his father deals with the memory of Stan's performance in a Pee Wee hockey game from years earlier, when Stan had the opportunity to score the game winning goal.
Stardate: Unknown Data's head is uncovered in an archaeological dig on Earth, where evidence is also found that aliens may have been on Earth as early as the 19th Century.
Stardate: Unknown When the Dominion fleet comes through the wormhole, it soon becomes clear that Cardassia has allied itself with the Dominion and that war is not far off.
While he's there someone in South Park is having sex with the town's chickens and only Officer Barbrady with his new deputies Kenny, Kyle, Stan, and Cartman can stop them!
When the body of Bob Fairmont, the real estate developer, is found, the team discovers that the crime scene has been tampered with and that the victim has been re-dressed.
The Doctor and Romana begin to uncover the truth about the strange events aboard the luxury liner <i>Empress</i>. They first have to separate the two ship from each other.
The President delivers his 3rd State of the Union address, what critics call the speech of his political career and ends up angering Abbey by what he does and doesn't say.
A group of Jem'Hadar who also crashed on the planet finds them, and takes them to their injured Vorta leader, who has a proposition for Sisko he may not be able to refuse.
The murder of the leading lady's understudy disrupts rehearsals of a play starring two previously married, but now warring, actors, who have a secret of their own to hide.
The revelation that a Russian company may be building a heavy water reactor in Iran puts Jed in a difficult position as he prepares to meet with the new Russian president.
To acquire the resources to cure a space plague, Kirk must resolve a mining dispute between the cultural elites of the cloud city of Stratos and the miners on the surface.
Wanting to be rid of Xander for good, Cordelia comes to the conclusion that Buffy is the cause of all her problems and makes a wish that Buffy had never come to Sunnydale.
When con-artist Wayne Jennings is rejected by the wealthy romance novelist he planned to marry, he sets out to make the story she is writing look like a robbery gone awry.
When the gang learns that they are in danger of losing their bar due to a zoning mishap, they resort to some outlandish and extreme methods to prevent that from happening.
Seeing Charlie's change in behavior as a sign that he might have been molested, Dennis and Dee search and bicker on the different ways that they can get their friend help.
With so many enemies, Jessica has a deep pool of suspects and discovers that the solution to the case is linked to a decades-old secret shared by the victim and his killer.
A family consisting of Auntie, Uncle Nephew greet the Doctor and their companions, but it is the fourth resident, the seemingly insane Idris, who tries to warn them anyway.
A man accused of murdering his wife and co-workers leads the CSIs on a wild ride through a busy casino, eventually barricading himself and a hostage in a casino hotel room.
Ace and Lister repair the engine and they return to Red Dwarf where Ace again shows off his superiority by operating on Cat's broken leg and then fixing his own broken arm.
Relationships in the Santos campaign, the Vinick campaign, and the West Wing all undergo changes and Vinick and Bartlet attempt to deal with different versions of the cold.
Only a young Ensign and a vacationing Wesley Crusher are able to think for themselves, and must find a way to reverse the damage before the ship falls into the wrong hands.
He soon discovers, however, that he is faced with an impossible choice, watch her die from a terminal illness or save her by turning her once again into a soulless monster.
As the flashbacks continue, we see that a cross given to Luka by Chance's mother along with Luka's prayers lead the Mai-Mai to believe he is a priest, which saves his life.
Bishop Stewart returns, seeking pain medication from Luka, who also has his hands full dealing with the parents of a 16-year-old who does not want another heart transplant.
After returning home and forgiving her husband, she realizes what she has done to her son, she doesn't know she failed they spin a story to the media to cover their tracks.
Benton tries to be more warm and friendly towards children, even taking a group of hospitalized youngsters trick-or-treating, ending by standing on his head in the hallway.
Returning home, the rest of the gang almost blows the secret, and Chandler decides to act like marriage is the furthest thing from his mind, so Monica won't get suspicious.
Frasier and the guys cringe over plans to attend his son's circumcision while Rebecca struggles to throw an interesting retirement party for a very dull corporate employee.
Grissom, Sofia, Sara and Greg investigate the disappearance of a woman coming home from a night out with a friend after her abandoned car is found on the edge of a highway.
Hiding from Jasmine in the sewers, Angel, Fred, Wes, Lorne, and Gunn run into a strange creature who claims that the beings of his world loved and worshipped Jasmine first.
While Santos and his winning camp nervously gear up for the inauguration, outgoing President Bartlet, C.J. and the others fondly look back on their time in the White House.
Three of the CSI guys abduct the hapless Henry to celebrate his birthday at a remote rib place, not realizing that the place was closed by the health department months ago.
Kirk and Spock deliver medicine to an insane asylum where a former Starfleet captain is being held, only to discover that he has freed the inmates and is running the place.
When the primary power goes off and they get stuck in a room, they have no choice but to climb into the small ventilation ducts which wind round Starbug in order to escape.
Mr Garrison gives a lecture on genetic engineering, which gives Kyle the idea of making a pot-bellied elephant by splicing the genes of his elephant with a pot bellied pig.
Leonard volunteers to sign for a package in an attempt to make a good impression on Penny, but when he enlists Sheldon for help, his attempt at chivalry goes terribly awry.
Unfortunately Pete dies and Kryten tries to use the device to bring him back but accidentally reverses his evolution by several million years, turning Pete into a T-Rex, ..
Kryten shows some moving slides to the crew and Lister finds that he can walk into the projection and really be there, only he cannot move outside the frame of the picture.
A collision between a motorcycle and a car brings critical patients to the ER. Luka and Ray treat the motorcycle rider, and discover a condition his wife wants kept secret.
Weaver addresses the Kovac/Clemente rivalry for the position of Chief of Emergency Medicine, encouraging them to get along, which results in them competing to be agreeable.
Penny and Leonard deal with Leonard's confession on the way down the aisle while Sheldon struggles to understand Amy's decision to take a step back from their relationship.
Prisoners of the maniacal Graff Vynda K, the Doctor and Romana must break out and pursue the first segment, even as Unstoff takes it into the most dangerous place on Ribos.
Stardate: Unknown A strange power source disables the Enterprise's computer systems, damages Data's programming and leaves the ship and crew vulnerable to a Romulan attack.
Stardate: Unknown Dax, O'Brien, and Bashir take the Runabout Rubicon to explore a nebula, where the runabout and its contents shrink to less than 1% of their original size.
the people of the city are harvesting the life essence of the savages, reducing them to little more than cattle and devastating their civilisation while the Elders prosper.
The Tenth and Eleventh Doctors join forces with a previous incarnation to defeat a plot encompassing past, present, and future as the Doctor's past comes back to haunt him.
However, when one of Kenny's ninja stars gets thrown into Butters' eye, the boys must do the only logical thing possible, dress Butters up as a dog and take him to the vet.
Donna becomes upset when Jack is transferred out of the White House and reassigned to Italy after getting caught in a squeeze play between the Oval Office and the Pentagon.
When the star of Astro Quest Redux is found murdered at a science fiction convention, assorted freaks and geeks are obliged to boldly go under the scrutiny of the CSI team.
When the Doctor is activated during a Red Alert, he learns that the ship has been abandoned, and that only B'Elanna Torres and an injured Captain Janeway are left on board.
While Diane keeps notes on bar conversation, a novice comes in for one final fling before entering a monastery and a World War I doughboy shows up for a very small reunion.
A speaking engagement at UC Berkeley puts Leonard and Sheldon in a galaxy not too far, far away from their idol George Lucas' Skywalker Ranch, and they consider dropping by.
After Barbara's death, Dee and Frank are unhappy to learn that she left them both out of the will, while Dennis inherits the mansion which he plans to turn into a party pad.
In this alternate reality, Gabrielle is a talented playwright and Alti is the High Priestess of Rome, who wants all the power for herself and will stop at nothing to get it.
After finishing a shift, Carter approaches Weaver about an attending position, and then gets sucked back into work when a stampede at a rock concert brings in many patients.
It soon becomes clear that Lorne is being held against his will, and that his popular casino act is actually a way for his captor to read the futures of people in the crowd.
Meanwhile, Miss Calendar tries to make amends for deceiving Buffy and Giles by attempting to translate the Gypsy curse to restore Angel's human soul, with dire consequences.
Babish menacingly questions CJ and Abbey about their involvement in the MS cover-up while Josh asks Joey Lucas to create a hypothetical poll the gauge the public's reaction.
Cartman has to recite the lyrics to the Christmas carol 'Oh holy night', but getting the lyrics wrong in the past, Mr Garrison lets Kyle electrocute him if he gets it wrong.
They learn that Legion is composed from the minds of each member of the crew, combined and magnified, and as such they are sustaining his very existence with their presence.
Cigarette Smoking Man returns as Mulder investigates the attempted assassination of a young boy with psychic powers who may be the proof that he has looked for all his life.
When they arrive in Nottingham, they discover that just such a man exists, and his enemy the Sheriff of Nottingham commands an army of robots that intend to conquer England.
The house is owned by a man named Oliver who is obsessed with the show and has rigged the house into a series of traps and changing appearances to look like the Brady house.
In San Francisco, a radio station's new manager is trying to change their image by firing every staff member who is past a certain age and playing music for teen-agers only.
He's actually planning to bring some things he got so that he could start his own Korean theme business and they won't let him bring them on a plane so needs to take a boat.
Sam then picks up the telephone, rings someone and then asks them to marry him, .. Meanwhile Vera has been called away, so Donna is left alone with Norm, much to his horror.
When unscrupulous fight promoter Wade Talmadge is killed with a bullet from Harry's gun, Jessica must solve the murder, clear Harry and help get her boxer ready for a fight.
Luka, Abby, Morris, and the team treat the victims of a collision between a big-rig and a family car, including the wife of the truck driver and the son of the car's driver.
Season Premiere, Abby, Carter, Chen, Pratt, and Stan will be confined to the ER for two weeks, while all of the other patients are evacuated and sent to different hospitals.
Stardate: Unknown Picard must choose between love and command when he must make a decision that could place the woman he loves in a potentially deadly and high-risk mission.
The crew of the Valiant consists of the Starfleet Cadet corps known as 'Red Squad,' an elite band of cadets, after the main crew were killed when the Dominion War broke out.
The CSI team investigates a mad slasher who strikes without leaving a trace,, because he wears a form-fitting black latex suit that leaves not a molecule of evidence behind.
The fallout on the Hill from Carrick's switch to the Republican party exiles Josh deep into a White House doghouse, so C.J. gives Donna some tips on how she can support him.
The guys camp out in line to see a print of Raiders of the Lost Ark with 21 extra seconds and are outraged to see Wil Wheaton and his friends being allowed to skip the line.
Colombo, who is on vacation in Mexico, gets dragged into this case by an admiring colleague, but he has trouble convincing the Mexicans that the accident is really homicide.
When Bartlet learns that Zoey's kidnapping is the work of Qumari terrorists, he invokes the 25th amendment to diminish their leverage and eliminate any conflict of interest.
When Leonard and Penny move in together, Sheldon is very upset and longs for an emotion-free life like what he had in 2003. Meanwhile, Howard and Raj attempt to form a band.
While the team tries to close in on the I.D. of Doctor Jekyll, more than one member of the CSI team may join his long list of victims in the second-part of the season finale
Meanwhile, when Spike's chip begins to malfunction Buffy must turn to an unlikely source for help, and the gang discovers that the First may be closer than anyone suspected.
Gabrielle convinces Nayima to send her into the future as well, and together they must use the power of the mendhi to defeat Alti before she ends their karmic cycle forever.
Buffy must find a way to stop Spike and his vampire minions, lead her mom and the other parents and students to safety, and keep them from finding out that she is the Slayer.
Meanwhile, Dennis and Dee's estranged father reenters their life in hopes of starting anew with his children and soon discovers that he enjoys the lifestyle of their friends.
Arriving in a place that seems oddly familiar, the Doctor finds the savage Sevateem tribe battling to free their captive god, Xoanon, from the Evil One and his Tesh servants.
The Doctor and his friends have only one ally, Revenue man Josiah Blake, who has been investigating smuggling in the area but now finds that all hell is about to break loose.
When Buffy's Slayer duties both destroy her social life and get her expelled from school, she decides it's high time to give Slaying a roundhouse kick to the proverbial curb.
Carla and Eddie plan to get married if they can get past superstition, Eddie's mother, Carla's children, and Rebecca's nerves as she waits for her boss to show up at the bar.
Earth, 2526. A palaentological expedition has been horrifically slaughtered by an unseen force and a squad of soldiers is investigating, just as the TARDIS lands in the area.
Frankie and Face visit Murdock, strangely completely sane at his job in a restaurant, and all three become hostages of mobsters out to kill a patron, the US Attorney General.
Meanwhile, Catherine and Sara are sent to comb through the wreckage of a collision between a train and an SUV and find out if it is a case of road rage or simply an accident.
Since drug paraphernalia are discovered near his body and it is also determined that he had recently inhaled heroin, the cause of death is at first thought to be an overdose.
But, thinking there could be a medal in it for him, Frank has also put a report together, with copies of all the evidence, including shell fragments, so the army comes clean.
In an attempt to head off a Jem'Hadar invasion of the Alpha Quadrant, Commander Sisko leads a diplomatic mission into hostile territory in an attempt to contact The Founders.
A school fight results in a stabbing and a nose that won't stop bleeding, with Brenner treating the victims and being deeply affected by the truth behind their confrontation.
Chandler continues recovering from his break-up with Kathy, but can't move on to phase two, because there's no one with which to go to a strip club, except Monica and Phoebe.
Keeping her job as Angel's assistant is the least of Harmony's worries when she wakes up with a dead vamp-bite victim in her bed and no memory of the previous night's events.
Lister is in bed with space mumps when he hears the news that the gang has brought aboard a cryo-pod from a prison ship which possibly contains a guard named Barbara Bellini.
Mulder and Scully travel to Gibsonton, Florida, a town built and populated by circus and sideshow performers to investigate the death of Jerald Glazebrook, The Alligator Man.
Picks up from Episode 113Who is Eric Cartman's father? Doctor Mephisto knows, and is just about to reveal the information when he is shot, and must be rushed to the hospital.
Richie, Potsie, and Ralph need new uniforms for their baseball team and want to get a big celebrity to play the title role in their upcomming fundraiser production of Hamlet.
While getting Margarita fixings as Ross' apartment, Rachel overhears Emily, who is getting married the next day, leaving a message, wondering if their break-up was a mistake.
After Abby catches Carter injecting a patient's leftover pain medication into his wrist, Kerry, Mark, Benton, Chen and Anspaugh try to convince him to seek professional help.
Sheldon finds out that the repairs to Amy's apartment have been completed for weeks, while Leonard discovers that Penny has been removing his collectibles from the apartment.
Sheldon looks forward to squaring off against the the one actor from the Star Trek universe he holds enmity towards-Wil Wheaton-in a fantasy collectable card game tournament.
Stardate: Unknown The Enterprise discovers the male crew of a crashed Federation freighter hiding as fugitives on the planet Angel One, which is dominated and ruled by women.
Stardate: Unknown When Data's rights as a sentient individual are placed under trial, Starfleet forces Riker into a position where he must prove that Data is only an Android.
Stardate: Unknown Riker questions his sanity when his reality seems to shift between an alien psychiatric hospital and a play he is performing with other members of the crew.
The TARDIS materialises on a spaceship orbiting a planet known as the Sense-Sphere, whose natives, the Sensorites, have trapped the ship's human crew in a state of paralysis.
The A-Team gets involved in a mob power play when two girls ask them to find their college professor who went to Las Vegas with a perfect gambling system and never came back.
On their way back from collecting supplies, Kryten and Rimmer experience a strange time phenomena in the hallway where time slows down in one part and accelerates in another.
When they discover that the beast is from the Host's home dimension, he is reluctantly pressed into service, but the answer to their problem may come from yet another portal,
The Supreme Court declares imaginary creatures not real and plans to nuke Imaginationland, and now Kyle and Cartman have to convince the U.S. military to abort the operation.
With the crew stranded on a barren planet, and the ship controlled by the Kazon, it's up to Tom Paris, Lon Suder, and The Doctor to retake Voyager and rescue their crewmates.
Xena is mistaken for the killer who attacked and murdered a group of townspeople and is put on trial, causing Ares, the God of War to be delighted at the success of his plan.
Hawkeye and B.J. struggle with Charles' conceit about his professionalism in OR, but they discover that he can take it as well as dish it out when it comes to practical jokes!
Rimmer finds the formula for the opposite substance and goes back to his reality, but he learns that the ship is rapidly breaking apart and the others are nowhere to be found.
Mulder and Scully, now part of an FBI anti-terrorism unit, learn that the boy as well as three other victims were dead even before the bombing, cause of death, an alien virus.
Bongo informs Ace of a special space craft that can cross dimensions which Ace immediately volunteers to test fly, even though it means he cannot come back to his own reality.
Carter has been in the Congo for the last seven months, where he has developed a relationship with Makemba Kem Likasu, an AIDS-clinic worker six weeks pregnant with his child.
However, he initially holds back when performing for Roger and, suddenly, changes his mind about being on the team when his father orders him home in the middle of a practice.
Corday clashes with new surgical resident Paul Nathan regarding his intervention into the treatment of a sickly young woman, Alison, who has signed a do not resuscitate order.
Deep space, 5000AD. An Earth supply shuttle is infected by a strange sentient space-borne virus, which quickly spreads to the crew of the refuelling station on the moon Titan.
Fonzie soon regrets not following Howard's advice about laying down ground rules when Spike is caught as one of a group of thieves stealing from the cash register at Arnold's.
The investigators are forced not only to examine the physical evidence, but also to interview all of the first class passengers to get their personal accounts of the incident.
After listening to some of Frank's rubbish about the North Koreans wanting better plumbing, he tries to send the officers' latrine to the North Koreans with an offer of peace.
But when Final Jeopardy approaches, he loses all his money putting a stupid response Who are three people that have never visited my kitchen? and becomes depressed afterwards.
C.J. is unsuccessful in lighting a fire under the press to write about the malfeasance she discovers in the FCC's new media ownership rules until she hits them where they sit.
Kes' telepathic and latent psychokinetic powers begin to grow rapidly while Voyager's newest crewmember, the former Borg drone Seven of Nine, deals with her new individuality.
Kryten is extremely upset that they left without touching his feast and enters the VR world, blowing up the characters of the game with a tank and ordering the crew to supper.
The crew member turns out to be Nirvanah who lets him win on purpose when he tells her of how he always fails at everything and has never really achieved anything in his life.
Santos starts up his presidential campaign in New Hampshire, where he immediately disagrees with Josh on campaign philosophy, No opposition research, no dirt on our opponents.
Sisko is abducted by the Miles O'Brien from the mirror universe, and is forced to assume the identity of their Sisko in order to rebel against the Klingon-Cardassian Alliance.
Sisko receives a message from one of the few surviving Maquis members saying that they will launch undetectable missiles at the Cardassians, which will provoke an all out war.
Stardate: Unknown A disinterested Alexander must face his first Rite of Ascension passage, but a mysterious warrior by the name of K'Mtar brings with him a disturbing request.
But the Agents soon realise that the only way to stop the destruction is by stopping the girls meeting up, but this becomes difficult when both fall in love with the same man.
In the midst of the Medusa Cascade and a master plan from Davros that leaves the Earth far from home, can the Doctor and his companions save the Earth, let alone the Universe?
The Doctor has vanished from the Inferno project, or has he? He finds himself in the same place, but everyone has changed, and the drilling is closer to its deadly conclusion.
The Holy Stone of Clonrichert is to be upgraded to a class 2 relic, and unfortunately this entails three Bishops visiting the island, Father Jack must be housetrained quickly.
Giant intelligent megalomaniacal cactus Meglos is planning to conquer the galaxy but first it needs the dodecahedron, a powerful energy source currently on the planet Tigella,
The gang tries to reassure a nervous Mr and Mrs Boyd back in Indiana that Woody is fine and has wonderful friends in Boston by making a home movie of an average day at Cheers.
When Voyager discovers an ancient communications relay that extends to the Alpha Quadrant, they are able to send The Doctor to an experimental Federation ship, the Prometheus.
However, when both Eli and Gabrielle are captured, Xena is forced to seek help from a higher power, Krishna, a Hindu God who transforms her into an avatar of the Goddess Kali.
After black marketers hijack the 4077th and steal their supply of hydrocortisone, Hawkeye and Trapper concoct a deal with a local black marketer, Charlie Lee, to get some more.
After breaking up with Tara, Willow successfully de-rats Amy and the two witches begin hanging out and having fun with magic, drawing Willow further into her growing addiction.
After experiencing a few strange happenings, Richie begins to buy into the legend that the place where Ralph's Halloween party is to be held, the old Simpson house, is haunted.
After the gang sells drugs that Dee and Charlie unknowingly stole from the mob to get money to repair the bar's lights, they all set out on a quest to avoid facing retribution.
As the surviving station crew work to destroy the space station, Davros consolidates his power and the Daleks launch a fiendish scheme to use the Doctor against the Time Lords.
C.J. takes her niece shopping for a prom dress while the threats on her life continue, and her stalker manages to get close to her despite the protection of the Secret Service.
Doggett comes upon an old case that Mulder kept secret from Scully, and decides to investigate it in more detail hoping to somehow find a link to Mulder's possible whereabouts.
Benton and Romano clash over an obnoxious homeless man who once again requires extensive treatment resulting from his chronic disdain for maintaining his dialysis appointments.
Rimmer gets the files and also finds the Luck Virus and Sexual Magnetism Virus, from Quarantine s5/ep3. Rimmer tries the sexual magnetism and women suddenly begin noticing him.
In attempting to thwart the Rani, the Doctor must also contend with his old enemy the Master, who is pursuing an agenda which could spell the end of Civilization As We Know It.
Kirk and his crew find themselves at the mercy of powerful individuals who possess mind-over-matter powers, and plan to use the Enterprise crew for their twisted entertainment.
The crew find out that Rimmer is hanging in a dungeon about to be tortured by The Unspeakable One . The crew find the dungeon and drive back The Unspeakable One, saving Rimmer.
Luka blows Abby off, and an already-stressed Abby has to deal with an unexpected visit from her estranged mother, who isn't taking the meds prescribed for her bipolar disorder.
Majors Houlihan and Burns press charges against Colonel Blake to get him arrested and put Frank in charge, and put Hawkeye and Trapper under arrest so that they can't help him.
Mulder goes to the Bermuda Triangle when he learns that the Queen Anne, a British luxury liner which disappeared during WWII, has re-appeared in the middle of the Sargasso Sea.
On the day of the presidential caucuses, Bartlet, Toby and C.J. go to Iowa to kick off the re-election, and disagree over Bartlet's making a statement about affirmative action.
On the eve of Jed's participation in a national television conference with thousands of school children as the Galileo probe arrives at Mars, NASA loses the communication link.
Meanwhile, Leonard can't help competing with Penny when they reach a milestone in their relationship, and Amy and Bernadette treat the guys by making them a Star Wars Day gift.
Stardate: Unknown Data's new dream subroutine causes him to experience nightmares which provide a unique insight into strange events that are occurring on board the Enterprise.
She doesn't tell the A-Team that they are searching her fianc'e, but more importantly the A-Team has to get new malaria drugs before they can fly to the Brazilian rain forests.
Tensions arise when both of Leonard's parents and Sheldon's mother arrive to attend Leonard and Penny's second wedding ceremony, as they were not at the first one is Las Vegas.
When Agatha Christie goes missing and a body turns up in the library, the adventure turns into a pulp sci-fiction murder mystery, with a murder, a jewel thief and a wasp alien.
The Doctor, Steven and Dodo fall into the clutches of the Celestial Toymaker, an immortal who challenges his victims to games, with their souls forfeit to him should they lose.
The Enterprise must deflect an asteroid on a collision course with an inhabited planet, but discover the asteroid is a spaceship with a population unaware of the outside world.
There, despite their best efforts to avoid palace politics, the Doctor and Vicki have made an enemy of the Earl of Leicester, and the travellers barely escape with their lives.
The sleepy English village of Little Hodcombe, 1984. The village re-enactment of the English Civil War is in full swing, but a malign alien presence lurks in the nearby church,
The topic of evolution is introduced to the 4th graders of South Park Elementary and while their teacher is against the theory a change of mind has implications for the future.
The asteroid field is inhabited by Psirens, genetically engineered creatures that telepathically lure the ship's crew onto the asteroids so that they can suck out their brains.
When Cordelia's visions begin to manifest as painful physical wounds, Lorne tries to use telepathy to find out why this is happening to her, and how the visions can be stopped.
When Quark is caught cheating by an alien delegation from the Gamma Quadrant, they exact revenge by turning the senior crew into the playing pieces of a game of life and death.
When people start disappearing, and the case is shoved in her general direction, Detective Kelly Ryan, one of Scully's former students, turns to her old teacher for assistance.
The Internet is rampant with a story that questions CJ's sexual orientation, and it is only fueled further when CJ refuses to dignify the allegations by putting out a statement.
After learning a raiding party's leader was responsible for the destruction of their home Amphipolis years ago, Xena and her brother set out to put him out of business for good.
Frasier arrives back from Europe with the news that Diane left him at the altar for six months of decadent living across Europe and is now seeking renewal in a Boston monastery.
An Army doctor who once saved B.A.'s life calls in his debt by asking the A-Team to help deal with gangsters who came to the tropical island where the doctor has built a clinic.
Cordelia, Wesley and Gunn hear the same stories and try to catch the crooked cops in the act, but their plans go awry when they realize that these cops are not what they appear.
As they prepare to confront the Circle of the Black Thorn, the representatives of the Senior Partners on this plane, Angel and company spend the day as if it will be their last.
Despite the truce negotiated by Rebecca, the gang decides to warm up the cold war against Gary's Olde Towne Tavern when they notice the statue of Tecumseh the Indian is missing.
In the 12th season premiere, the gang turn black after an electric blanket shorts out, so they engage in body switching antics they've seen the movies to change themselves back.
Jessica's deductive abilities are in demand when a flamboyant hypnotist turns up dead, behind locked doors, in front of an audience of journalists whom he had put into a trance.
Kerry returns to the ER, and clashes with Luka over the treatment of a baby injured in a car crash, while Neela treats the mother, who may have caused the accident deliberately.
Carol deals with a floater nurse who can't cope with the speed of the ER. Jeanie and Maggie are given the task of keeping a dead man on ice in anticipation of cryogenic storage.
Mulder and Scully investigate a dead body in the woods, and try to determine whether it was the work of a serial killer, an animal or a mysterious creature seen by eyewitnesses.
Penn and Teller roll a lesson about the First Amendment into their entertainment at Zoey's White House birthday party, setting off a media frenzy and public relations nightmare.
Riley begins to suspect that Spike has feelings for Buffy, and Spike takes great pleasure in telling Riley about Joyce's illness, and about the fact that Buffy told Spike first.
Roger entrusts Flip to pick up Marion after he attends a Fats Domino concert, but he skips the concert to hang out with some hoodlums and leaves Marion to walk home in the cold.
They soon learn that a brother and sister team has been working together to bring attention to the fact that frequent high-warp travel is damaging the very fabric of space/time.
in Jed's absence, Leo juggles an impending war between Albania and Greece, a visit from the German chancellor, a tussle over tax cuts, and an over-reaching Secretary of Defense.
A sympathetic Kovac defies conventional ethics when he tricks a seriously injured patient who refuses to leave his dying wife's side into believing that she has already expired.
When bad things happen to a scientist explaining how gluten is fine, the whole of South Park goes gluten free, can the cure to the gluten epidemic be found before it's too late?
While Scully travels to Africa to piece together the meaning of the symbols on the spaceship beached on the Ivory Coast, Mulder is imprisoned by his own frenetic brain activity.
A Christmas visit from his mother has Leonard discovering she's kept a lot of news from him that she shares with Sheldon and worrying if she'll approve of his romance with Penny.
After Agent Mulder goes beyond his jurisdiction to shine light on a possible X-file, Doggett is assigned to investigate the mysterious disappearance of two men aboard an oil rig.
After the recent activities of the fish factory across the street raises some red flags for the gang, Dennis and Mac have Dee go undercover as an employee to gather intelligence.
An aphasia-like virus planted in DS9's food replicator system by the Bajoran underground against their onetime oppressors lies dormant until being activated during refurbishment.
Angel and the group are still getting used to their ownership of Wolfram & Hart when one of their clients threatens to kill all of L.A. if they cannot get him acquitted in court.
Benton lets prospective med student William White follow him around the ER. Luka wrestles with his faith, revealing that he could have saved his wife by sacrificing his daughter.
Chandler is upset to find how much he has in common with Mr Heckles, and in his determination not to die alone, he calls Janice, only to find out that she's married and pregnant.
There are a lot of other little things that Columbo notices as well, and with the help of a child prodigy he discovers how Cahill used the robot to provide himself with an alibi.
Face quits the A-Team after receiving a full government pardon and quickly becomes a celebrity, the rest of the A-Team keeps an eye on him suspecting the pardon's not 100% legit.
Friction arises between B.J. and Winchester when they are asked to write an article for a prestigious medical journal, on how they saved a soldier's life with a daring operation.
Gabrielle's evil daughter Hope, takes the appearance of her mother and joins forces with Ares to create a race of Destroyers who will usher in the return of Dahak into the world.
Grissom and his team are discouraged when they find a pool of blood as they begin investigating the disappearance of a high school basketball star and his cheerleader girlfriend.
Meanwhile Lister is researching the Cat's religion and discovers that their species, which evolved from his, female pet, Frankenstein, have used his, Lister's image as their God.
In this one-off Comic Relief special, the Doctor, Amy, and Rory find themselves trapped in the TARDIS when it materializes inside of itself, but receive help from a special ally.
Meanwhile, Pratt tries to help Chaz make a new career choice, Gates has troubles with his own father, and Sam's got her hands full with a seminar on handling aggressive patients.
On the day before the New Hampshire primary, Josh drafts Donna as his frontwoman to ensure that Bartlet wins the nation's first primary in the small town of Hartsfield's Landing.
Sam makes Rebecca jealous in many strange ways by telling her that he scored with Robin's other girl friend, and Woody is flabbergasted when a girl answers his ad for a roommate.
Sam's old buddy Dave Richards bets Sam he can break up his romance with Diane within 24 hours and it looks like a sure thing when Diane learns he still has his little black book.
Sam sparks an exchange on radical versus lipstick feminism when he comments on Ainsley's evening attire immediately after asking her to review language in Bartlet's U.N. address.
Stardate: Unknown Riker must pull out all the stops in order to save Earth from a Borg invasion being lead by none other than Locutus, otherwise known as Captain Jean-Luc Picard.
Their relationship develops quickly as the pair question each other about mating habits, since the J'naii are androgynous and do not identify themselves as either male or female.
Vicki, who has fallen in love with the Trojan prince Troilus, rescues him from the massacre, and together they join cavalry leader Aeneas and set off to found another city, Rome.
After the Cybermen are defeated, the Doctor and Jamie depart with a new companion, computer programmer Zoe Heriot, who finds her ordinary life dull and seeks adventure with them.
Theft and murder of the courier occur on board a jet bound for London with a plethora of suspects ranging from an older couple to a well-known actress to a former police officer.
Two amorous freshmen are found dead in a sleeping bag in a dorm room, and Sara and Greg run into one dead end after another as they try to determine why the students were killed.
Two hundred years after investigating the SSS Esperanto, the crew awake from suspended animation aboard Starbug with amnesia, and find that their mothership Red Dwarf is missing.
Unprepared for the flood of business brought in by advertising, the Angel Investigations crew splits up to cover more ground,, and ends up being spread too thin for its own good.
While enduring the annual field trip to the zoo, Xander and several other students enter the quarantined Hyena pen and become possessed by the demonic spirit of the wild animals.
Lister tries to tell him about what is happening and Rimmer is convinced when he sees Cat rush past them in the hall but then sees him in the sleeping quarters immediately after.
While treating a seriously wounded B.A., a suspicious small town doctor notifies the sheriff, who fears that B.A. may be part of a biker gang returning to free its jailed leader.
30 years later, Arnold 'Ace' Rimmer, Test Pilot for the Space Corps Special Service, lands his jet safely and greets his friends, Spanners, a Lister who is a Space corps engineer.
Doug treats a 17-year-old cystic fibrosis patient who wants to die, but isn't old enough to sign a DNR. Mark juggles dates with three women, including psychiatrist Nina Pomerantz.
After years of being controlled and blackmailed by his wife a Country and Western singer kills her and tries to make it look like it was really meant to be him killed and not her.
The trip down memory lane begins with Darla being sired by the Master and ends with the gang of Spike, Drusilla, Darla and Angel being torn apart when Angel is cursed with a soul.
In the Texas desert, the agents find an agricultural complex that may hold the key to unlocking the government conspiracy surrounding the extraterrestrials and their lethal virus.
1943. The TARDIS brings the Doctor and Ace to a secret naval base during WWII. Russian soldiers are planning and attack and something lurks in the undercurrents at Maiden's Point,
Fonzie and his girlfriend's son are getting along together as if they were father and son, but his girlfriend reveals that she and her estranged husband are getting back together.
Frank has Hawkeye up on charges of mutiny, for usurping his authority when Potter was away on leave, and Frank was the C.O. The Judge Advocate, Colonel Carmichael, tries the case.
The crew try and use it, but it doesn't bring them to Earth, it brings them to a strange parallel universe where women are the dominant sex and each of them has a female analogue.
Complicating matters are the entrepreneurial Kara, who uses the bodies of cryogenically frozen people as fuel for her protein factory, and a mercenary bounty hunter named Orcini .
It's the 'All Priests Stars In Their Eyes Lookalike Competition', and showbusiness personality Henry Sellers, a former alcoholic, has landed on the island to host the festivities.
Jessica's first visit to Hong Kong is marred by the death of a good friend when Brian Dunbar is poisoned at the annual dinner celebrating his fashion company, the House of Dunbar.
he tries to get over it but can't, and decides to move out, until he and Chandler stumble upon a way for Chandler to make it up to him, spending most of Thanksgiving day in a box.
Leonard needs surgery for a deviated septum, and Sheldon gets his nose out of joint because he feels an operation is too dangerous and that his roommate may not make it out alive.
Lilith and Frasier try to cope with the fact that their son needs more care from them while Rebecca and Carla try to figure out how Rebecca can pay Robin a conjugal visit in jail.
Joey's sister Dina wants to talk to Rachel,, supposedly about the fashion industry,, but it turns out she's pregnant and actually wants advice on how to handle being a single mom.
Scully mysteriously appears in a Washington hospital, alive but in a coma, and Mulder must fight to keep her alive in order to find out what happened to her and who did it to her.
Stardate: Unknown Under the terms of the new Federation/Cardassian treaty, Picard is ordered to evacuate a colony of Native Americans, but protests from Wesley hamper the process.
While investigating the case Mulder and Scully find themselves in greater danger when they run low on bullets forcing them to fear their every move because it could be their last,
Victoria is attacked by a monstrous form of living seaweed, and some of the base personnel are possessed by the poisonous Weed, which stings them and draws them under its control.
According to the Drahvins' leader, Maaga, their ship was shot down in an unprovoked attack by the vicious alien Rills, but they managed to inflict damage on the Rill ship as well.
The crew of Voyager discover a simulation of Starfleet Headquarters being run by Species 8472, being used as a training ground in preparation for an assault on the Alpha Quadrant.
Lister's hallucinations manifest as real events when it begins to rain fish in their bunk room, and the Mayor of Warsaw appears and then spontaneously combusts in front of Rimmer.
When Gul Dukat reveals to Major Kira that her mother was a comfort woman for him during the Occupation, Kira uses the Bajoran Orb of Time to travel to the past and find the truth.
When Mulder finds out that Scully was kidnapped by Duane Barry, he risks the wrath of his superiors and the annoyance of Agent Krycek in order to do whatever it takes to find her.
When a great warrior of Gaul named Vercinix is captured by Julius Caesar, Xena captures a blood-thirsty general named Crassus in an attempt to use Roman politics to free Vercinix.
Mulder contacts Scully about the body-swap and tries to get her the Flight Data Recorder from the UFO test flight but his alter ego uses Mulder's FBI persona to have him arrested.
Xena and Gabrielle are plagued by a myriad of ailments, including rashes, food poisoning, and an infestation of insects as they try to help Joxer defend against the Scythian army.
Mulder heads to Hong Kong to investigate the salvage broker who sold the information to the French and he encounters Krycek, who has been selling information from the MJ Documents.
She then disguises herself and manages to kill him while in disguise,, not realizing that a potential suitor saw her enter the bathroom as a dark-haired woman and exit as a blonde.
She treats a young woman hoping to get pregnant by taking fertility drugs, and discovers that Luka is going to Bosnia for two months as part of the Doctors Without Borders program.
After taking care of a wounded prostitute and bringing her case to the attention of social services, Chen confronts her past by telling Pratt about giving up her baby for adoption.
An away team inadvertently breaks the Prime Directive and reveals themselves to a primitive culture on Mintaka III, leading the inhabitants to believe that Captain Picard is a god.
Unwilling to lose their two favorite patsies, and to be worn to a frazzle from doing 2 shifts in O/R, Hawkeye and Trapper hatch a scheme to prevent Frank and Hot Lips from leaving.
When Wayne Bennett, owner of Cabot Cove's newest, hottest gym, is suspected of the crime, Jessica agrees to look into the matter after receiving a request from a surprising source.
Greene takes charge of a chaotic shift while dealing with his father's refusal of treatment for his lung cancer and Corday's insistence on harvesting a brain-dead patient's organs.
Gunn and Fred are finding an oasis of happiness amidst the pain around them, but all of it may be lost when a repo-man shows up to collect on a bargain that Gunn made years before.
Unable to bear the thought of their friend enduring eternal torment, Willow, Xander, Anya, and Tara decide to perform a resurrection spell that will bring Buffy back from the dead.
Josh fails to sway an unruly congressman who insists on voting against the administration on the vice presidential confirmation, but Ryan reaches out to get him to change his mind.
Legendary comic Knuckles Pratt, from the good old days of Las Vegas, is set to reunite with his partner on stage for one night only, until one half of the famous duo is found dead.
Lister loses Rimmer in a game of poker to a group of GELFs, and in return gets an unwanted gift, a groinal exploder programmed to detonate in 24-hours unless Lister pays his debts.
Mulder's boat is wrecked and after floating in the water, he is hauled aboard the ship which has just been hijacked by the Nazis searching for the man who will build the atom bomb.
When Columbo starts sniffing on her trail, Laura quickly works to seduce the married detective, hoping that her sex appeal will throw the usually stubborn Lieutenant off the scent.
President Bartlet attends the funeral of a former president with other former presidents Glenallen Walken and D. Wire Newman, while monitoring a possible situation in Saudi Arabia.
Sam and Rebecca begin to doubt their resolve to be parents after caring Carla's wild bunch and Cliff lobbies for the job of directing Woody's video project for the folks back home.
Senior citizens hire the A-Team to protect their historic Texas mission home and tourist attraction from land developers who want to destroy everything and run them off their land.
Stardate: Unknown While Wesley takes the entrance exam to Starfleet Academy, the Enterprise is investigated by the Inspector General's office and Picard's competency is questioned.
Susan throws herself into her work to escape her stressful personal life, earning recognition from Weaver and Mark, who begin preliminary discussions on next year's chief resident.
Lesterson believes that the Daleks are harmless robots which can be used to serve the colony, while the rebels are far more interested in the uses of the Daleks' in-built weaponry.
The Enterprise narrowly avoids a collision with a black hole and is thrown back to Earth in the 20th century, where they must find a way back and erase any trace of their presence.
The Doctor soon discovers that Chameleon Tours, ostensibly offering cheap package tours for students and hitch-hiking youths, is in fact a front for a massive kidnapping operation.
It turns out it was a virus inside the woman, known as Epideme, who infects its victims, takes their knowledge, kills them and then preserves the body and waits for another victim.
The team members are suspicious when the former tenant of the bloody apartment claims that his missing girlfriend is visiting her parents,, and the parents say she never showed up.
This was a pay-per-view cable event that featured Matt & Trey celebrating their 5th anniversary with their favorite episodes, and a star studded party packed with celebrity guests.
Truly alone for the first time since Scully's departure, Mulder throws himself into his work, and into the bizarre world of vampire-fetishist in search of a trio of serial killers.
When all the warlords who've suffered Ares' reign in the past band together to take revenge, Xena disguises a mortal Ares as a farmer in the middle of nowhere in order to hide him.
When their shuttle is diverted to a planetoid, Kirk, Spock, and McCoy encounter Earth's Warp Drive pioneer, Zefram Cochrane, who appears to have survived there alone for 150 years.
With Sheldon rattled and impossible to be around after meeting Dennis, a 15-year-old physicist who's smarter than he, the rest of the guys search for a way to eliminate the threat.
Xena, Gabrielle and four shady characters from Xena's past go up against a new protege of Ares' whose soldiers have weapons and armor made from the unbreakable metal of Hephaestus.
A Cardassian dissident opposed to the Cardassian/Dominion Alliance asks Kira to help him so that he may reveal his secrets to use against his enemies as is customary in his culture.
But the feast is foiled when softhearted Radar saves the main course from the spit, a lamb, which Radar tricks Henry into giving a medical discharge and sends home to Ottumwa, Iowa.
A televangelist broadcasts from inside the ER. Doug, with Carol's help, attempts a rapid detox of Josh McNeal, the methadone addicted infant, instead of returning him to his mother.
After Voyager encounters a telepathic species, B'Elanna starts having powerful dreams that depict the life of a woman and her lover in a time of great political and social upheaval.
But when bloodlust overcomes the hard won compassion that Xena has learned at Gabrielle's side, it's up to Gabrielle to find a way to stop the war before her friend is lost forever.
After being inadvertently sucked into a dimensional portal, Cordelia finds herself stuck in Lorne's home world, Pylea, a place where demons rule and human beings are slaves at best.
At the 4077th Mobile Army Surgical Hospital, M*A*S*H unit in Korea, two army doctors by the names of Hawkeye Pierce and Trapper John McIntyre receive some exciting news in the mail.
Bank robber Roy Buchanan is accidentally arrested, but when he is let go, he not only has Walker and Trivette on his heels, but a deadly bounty hunter by the name of Mawell as well.
But when the gang discovers that Spike and Drusilla are planning their own party, Angel may have to leave Sunnydale to keep Dru's party guest, the Judge, from painting the town red.
Grissom and his team investigate a casino heist during which innocent victims were shot, while Catherine and Sara are called to the scene of a murder in a remote part of the desert.
Grissom and his team investigate a murder suspect who is caught red-handed,, burying the victims,, while Catherine and Warrick take on the case of a woman found dead in a hotel spa.
Savage Pig Men are hiding in the sewers and, at the very top of the Empire State Building, the Doctor's oldest nemeses, The Daleks, are busy preparing their most audacious plan yet.
It's 2020, and the most ambitious drilling project in history has reached deeper beneath the Earth's crust than man has ever gone before, but now the ground itself is fighting back.
Jessica attempts to prove Molly's innocence as well as find out what really happened up at the mines ten years earlier when a number of miners, Molly's father included, were killed.
They ask about the child's father, and find out she's not sure whether the father is the all american football player, or the convicted murderer who killed his father with a shovel.
The boys get seek revenge by sending Jimbo and Ned phony videos depicting the Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka, which causes any one who gazes upon it to become catatonic.
Mulder seeks the help of a woman whom he believes has a special connection with a young girl who has recently been kidnapped by the same man who held her captive many years earlier.
Although his new leg is fully functional, he still uses a walking stick, a purely psychological situation, which one of the holo-characters, Vic Fontane, tries to help him overcome.
Sara questions her future as a CSI when a past case comes back to haunt her, the 12 year old Hannah, who has to back up her brother one more time with all new tricks up her sleeves.
Meanwhile, Commander Sisko is concerned that Nog is a growing bad influence on Jake, but is delightfully surprised when he learns that the situation isn't exactly as he had thought.
The Doctor and Professor Watson struggle to stop first Sarah Jane and then Driscoll from obeying the strange and dangerous orders of the stone hand, which has suddenly come to life.
The Doctor and Romana visit Chronotis, a retired Time Lord living in Cambridge, who admits that he's lost a book dating back to the time of Rassilon and needs their help to find it.
The Island of Death, a former atomic bomb site, sees the arrival of the time travellers, a Dulcian survey team, a group of tourists, and a strange spaceship with deadly inhabitants.
When the government finds out the boys know about Towelie, they steal the boy's game system and oblivious to everything going on around them the boys stop at nothing to get it back.
desperate to feed the press corps beast on a glacially slow news day, C.J. meets with an attache to discuss cabbage imports, and has a little fun with a particularly dense reporter.
Trapped on the Sense-Sphere, the Doctor's investigations into the cause of the sickness affecting the Sensorites are hampered by the subversive activities of the City Administrator.
Two girls fly in from Miami to ask the A-Team to save their beachfront hotel because a local gangster destroys their business and offers a lot of money to the bank to get the hotel.
When a real estate agent is shot inside a prison cell by someone who apparently fired from the roof, Scully and Doggett track him to two exterminators, one of whom has x-ray vision.
This leads Mulder and Scully to question if supernatural forces maybe responsible when they begin to suspect a nurse of practicing witchcraft and causing the deaths of the patients.
Before long, he suspects that one of the family is suffering from demonic possession, but he must determine who is possessed and how to remove the creature without harming the host.
The only thing Xena can think of to stop her is to pit another immortal against her, Callisto! But can they trick Callisto long enough to stop both her and Velasca once and for all?
Meanwhile, Amy takes Penny to a party thrown by one of her colleagues and Bernadette thinks something is wrong with her as she's not as excited for her new baby as everyone else is.
Willow is devastated to learn that she pulled Buffy out of heaven, not hell, and she resolves to make things better by casting a spell to make Buffy forget her afterlife experience.
The crew throw a going away party for Kryten, in which we find out that Lister was an orphan and Rimmer got his first french kiss from his uncle Frank, who thought he was his mother.
A power outage strikes on an unusually hot day, bringing nursing home patients suffering from hyperthermia to the ER. Abby and Pratt disagree about diagnostic tests for a fussy baby.
Unable to quench his sexual appetites, Kovac also gets into trouble in his professional life, despite his admirable resolve to find an eye specialist to treat a young gunshot victim.
Brought on by Frank and Margaret's negative reports, General Clayton assigns a psychiatrist, Captain Hildebrand, to examine the 4077th M*A*S*H unit, to see if it should be disbanded.
The investigating officer is quick to blame Frank for the murder, so Jessica goes to work to defend her husband's honor and record and try to determine who really killed the crewman.
Issac Luria, a Jewish man, is killed by a group of teenagers working for a racist shopowner, but one of them is soon strangled to death and the fingerprints on his neck are of Issac.
Bad luck then follows Henry Blake like the seat of his pants, he gets shot at while golfing, his tent gets flattened by a driverless jeep, and the latrine explodes while he's inside.
Lila Nolan returns to Cabot Cove after nursing in Boston for a few years but her troubles from there follow her when her patients start dying, including Jessica's best friend Maggie.
Punishment for that is to peel potatoes for the next three weeks and to make that go faster they steal a programmable virus to peel them but it ends up eating their clothes and hair.
Lister notices how everyone reacts to Camille and she confesses to Lister that she is a Pleasure GELF, Genetically Engineered Life Form programmed to be everyone's perfect companion.
London 1966 and the Doctor and Dodo, on a visit to the Post Office Tower, meet Professor Brett whose new computer WOTAN is soon to be networked with other computers around the world.
Rachel has no insurance, so she and Monica switch identities, a tricky situation that is made worse when two cute doctors, guest stars George Clooney and Noah Wyle ask them on dates.
In an attempt to save his life, the Doctor's program is transmitted to the Alpha Quadrant, but once there, he finds Zimmerman does not want to be examined by an obsolete EMH program.
Rebecca awakens on her wedding morning raring to go, and seems determined to ignore Sam's attempts to remind her of her doubts, and Righteous Brother Bobby Hatfield upstages Frasier.
Kai Winn continues to search for a way of revealing the text in the Kosst Amojan, a sacred text that contains the secret of releasing the Pah-wraiths, if the writing can be revealed.
Stardate: Unknown Worf is re-united with his former lover, K'Ehleyr, while the Enterprise is ordered to intercept a Klingon ship whose crew has been in stasis for seventy-five years.
Stardate: Unknown While investigating an ancient ship left adrift in space, the Enterprise accidentally trips the ancient booby trap that disabled the old vessel over 1000 years ago.
Stardate: Unknown When Kurn, Worf's brother, comes to Deep Space Nine, he asks Worf to kill him as his family has been dishonored by Worf's actions, and he can't live with the shame.
Carter makes a good impression on Doctor Swift, while Mark further alienates the new Chief when he decides to honor a family commitment rather than stay longer at the ER to help him.
The Senate minority leader threatens to thwart the President's legislative agenda when he believes that Hoynes is doing some political maneuvering for the next Presidential election.
The CSIs become the focus of a reality TV series, which follows them while they investigate a serial rapist, who recently gained access to a woman's apartment by posing as a fireman.
CJ must juggle a live recording of the show Capitol Beat being broadcast within the White House and run damage control when a cop has a, possibly undeserved black mark on his record.
The TARDIS materialises on a deserted rocket in deep space, where the Doctor suffers concussion after an abrupt course change, and he and Jamie are attacked by a hostile servo-robot.
The gang brings Woody's old girlfriend to Boston to visit him and Frasier, still not yet confident about returning to psychiatry, decides to pay his bar bill by working as a janitor.
The guys have a road trip in order to attend to a comic book convention, dressed as Star Trek, The Next Generation . Stopping to take some photos in costume, Leonard's car is stolen.
The prime suspect is the girl's recently returned father, himself a failed jazz musician who had abandoned his daughter years before when he couldn't deal with the death of his wife.
Lister wakes feeling better but he finds that, strangely, two men have appeared on the ship,, one is a living manifestation of his inner Confidence, the other of his abject Paranoia.
Wesley is involved in a cover-up at Starfleet Academy when a cadet is killed and five shuttles are destroyed during a forbidden maneuver performed by Starfleet Academy's best cadets.
When Xena travels to Britannia to help stop Caesar's invasion, Gabrielle is tricked into killing and losing her blood innocence, which leaves her wide open to the evil One God Dahak.
The grand vacation begins when the boy's parents are offered a free ski trip to Aspen, but of course, there's a catch, they have to attend one meeting about time-share opportunities.
While the Doctor goes to confront the Sisterhood to seek a cure for Sarah Jane's blindness, Solon realizes that he must transfer Morbius' brain into a new body before it is too late.
A mortuary worker who gets his thrills from collecting hair and fingernails from the dead begins killing people to expand his collection sets his seriously disturbed sights on Scully.
After Xena and Gabrielle travel to the northern Amazon village to make Eve an Amazon Princess, they learn that their dear friends Yakut and Amarice have been killed by raiding nomads.
After a beloved college football coach is found dead and his house drenched and spattered with his blood, the CSI team hunts for the killer who didn't find Coach Jimmy lovable at all.
Because they can't bring anybody back to their time, Lister and Rimmer fight over who they should convince to go into the other stasis booth, Lister himself being sent into the other.
Benton makes a critical error when he publicizes the availability of a dying man's organs before obtaining the wife's permission to harvest them, and the wife then refuses to give it.
Brilliant physicist roommates Leonard and Sheldon meet their new neighbor Penny, who begins showing them that as much as they know about science, they know little about actual living.
While Hildebrand confronts the unit on its behaviour, choppers bearing wounded begin to arrive and everyone heads for the OR. The onslaught of casualties shows the 4077th's true side.
Carter and Luka are called out to the scene of a major train wreck, where Carter is forced to perform a double leg amputation by himself when Corday begins to experience contractions.
Christmas Eve is depressing at Cheers as Sam rushes to find Rebecca a gift, Rebecca makes everyone work late, and Norm's Santa Claus buddies gather to celebrate the end of the season.
Sarah-Jane Smith decides to investigate the place, with her trusted, yet rusted robotic dog K-9. But there she unravels a deeper mystery, as she is reunited with a face from her past.
Dessicated corpses, terror in the canal and a visit to the sinister House of Calvierri, the Doctor takes Amy and Rory for a romantic mini-break, as the TARDIS touches down once again.
Sam struggles with the revised OMB poverty level formula which will instantly create four million new poor people until Bruno finds a way to spin it to the administration's advantage.
Infused with the spirit of Gandalf and Frodo, the boys embark upon a mythical quest as they set out to return their copy of the The Lord of the Rings movie to their local video store.
Jessica, Seth and Amos try out the Joshua Peabody Inn, a new tourist-oriented restaurant, but after a number of the guests get sick eating strawberry preserves, one of the women dies.
Leonard, Raj and Howard clean out the office of the deceased Professor Roger Abbot and find a bottle of champagne meant to be opened when he made his first great scientific discovery.
Feeling neglected by Buffy and the Scoobies, Dawn's wish to keep people from leaving her is answered by Anya's demon friend Halfrek, who binds the attendees of the party to the house.
When their plan to expose the conspiracy fails and Susanne is captured by a group of men-in-black, led by none other than X, they soon become a paranoid group of government watchdogs.
Stardate: Unknown A transporter accident traps the senior crew of Deep Space Nine in Bashir's James Bond-like holodeck scenario, with each one taking the role of different characters.
Just when it looks like a happy ending might be in store, a mix-up over some soft furnishings and Nazi memorabilia leaves the Chinese community with a sweet'n'sour taste in the mouth.
The 4077th evacuation to a nearby cave to avoid U.S. artillery fire on a Chinese target poses problems for Hawkeye, who has a claustrophobia problem that Colonel Potter is unaware of.
The Doctor Who series four finale, sees the Doctor, Donna Noble, Martha Jones, Sarah Jane Smith, Captain Jack Harkness and Rose Tyler fighting to save all of creation from the Daleks.
thus, the Daleks order the Doctor to monitor Jamie while he attempts to rescue Victoria, and synthesise the elusive Human Factor, which they intend to add to their own genetic makeup.
When he reaches the planet's surface, Rimmer uses technology from the pod to try and create a woman in his image, but no matter how many times he tries all he can do is clone himself.
In a cavern under the surface, they discover and revive the final remaining survivors of the Vaadwaur, the planet's original civilization, who had been in stasis for nearly 900 years.
A photograph is the only clue for Columbo when two dead men and a seven year old mystery with $4 million dollars involved as well as an obnoxious insurance investigator come into play.
Margaret and Frank become suspicious about their plotting, and about the Koreans who come to check out the desk, which is whisked away by chopper as Henry and Frank watch in disbelief.
Overwhelmed by the extra workload that she had to take on since Charlie has taken a leave of absence, Dee tries to get Dennis to hire a recently out of work actress friend to help out.
Soon, Hugh starts showing signs of individuality while Picard must choose between destroying him along with the Collective, or returning him to the Collective intact as an individual .
So, the reincarnations of Gabrielle, Joxer and Xena have to fight with Ares at a modern-day meeting of C.H.A.K.R.A.M. Xena manages to destroy the contract Ares created to get her soul.
During a visit with her niece in Chicago, Jessica is summoned to the offices of 'Horrible' Horatio Baldwin, who would like to adapt her books into an attraction for his amusement park.
The friend was the cook there who helped them to flee and now needs their help, when he gets involved in a drug deal of former camp members, especially the former Vietnamese commander.
For her upcoming 18th birthday, Buffy declines the Scooby gang's offer of a big party, hoping to celebrate with quiet reflection and a traditional trip to the ice show with her father.
Jessica agrees to throw her support in to save an old brownstone, and finds herself investigating the murder of Walter Gillrich, the brother of the developer looking to raze the place.
She finally gets one that she likes, only to learn that a murder recently took place in the apartment complex and that someone desperately wants something that is inside her apartment.
Lori Beth has to write a term paper on the typical, middle-class family, so she interviews each Cunningham family member as well as their friends as clips from past episodes are shown.
Once Cartman finds out that the winner will receive a $1000 cash prize, he devises a plan to get into the event, thinking he can easily beat all the handicapped kids and win the money.
Grissom vows to examine the miniature and discover the actual location, when the investigation makes it clear the murder showed has yet to happen, but is probably going to happen soon.
Private investigator Charlie Garrett is in luck when Jessica is in Martinique vacationing at the same time he is accused of murdering the woman he's been trying to locate for a client.
However, since Buffy no longer works for the Council, they decide that they must put her and her friends through a grueling set of tests to determine that she is worthy of their trust.
Sheldon and Leonard fight when it comes to dividing up their joint possessions while Raj and Stewart trip over themselves in helping Bernadette during the final weeks of her pregnancy.
Stardate: Unknown The new captain of the recently built U.S.S. Enterprise-D, Captain Jean Luc Picard, takes the crew on their first mission, to discover the secret of Farpoint Station.
Stardate: Unknown The new captain of the recently built U.S.S. Enterprise-D, Captain Jean-Luc Picard, takes the crew on their first mission, to discover the secret of Farpoint Station.
Stardate: Unknown While investigating the disappearance of a J'naii shuttlecraft, the crew finds reason to believe the missing ship is stranded in an abnormal pocket called null space.
Stardate: Unknown While on their way to Starfleet Academy on Earth, Quark, Rom and Nog are thrown back in time and crash land in the small town of Roswell, New Mexico in the year 1947.
The Doctor, Bill, and Nardole travel to Mars in the 19th century to investigate a cryptic message, and find a group of Victorian soldiers on the Red Planet, and a hive of Ice Warriors.
Unfortunately she is a hologram,, Kryten forces Rimmer to go back to Red Dwarf so that they can rescue her, and invokes another Space Corp Directive against him to force him to comply.
Weaver confronts a dilemma when influential alderman John Bright, seeking treatment after a fall, tests positive for syphilis-potentially damaging information that could become public.
When Angel's mood becomes suddenly darker and he begins to crave human blood, Wesley resolves to do whatever is necessary to protect Connor,, even if it means betraying those he loves.
When a powerful Japanese Yazuka is killed by Congressman Cabe's assistant, the Yazuka come to America, seeking revenge, and Walker and Trivette are assigned to protect the congressman.
When she discovers that her niece has been kidnapped by slave traders, Gabrielle, with Xena, Eve and Virgil in tow sets sail for North Africa in search of the elusive warlord, Gurkhan.
She and Doggett investigate the death of an old man and the disappearance of his son but when they disappear as well, Mulder, despite having left the FBI, heads out to search for them.
While investigating several deaths and murders within a Haitian refugee camp, Mulder and Scully get caught in the middle of a secret war between the camp commander and a Voodoo priest.
An architect kills his business partner and deliberately lets Columbo suspect him, leading Columbo to think that he's hidden the body in the foundation of a building under construction.
An entire family suffering from carbon monoxide poisoning is brought to the ER. Claustrophobic Neela must spend a couple of hours in a hyperbaric chamber with the family's newborn baby.
While Richie, Potsie, and Ralph are in the restroom at Arnold's discussing their plans, the lights go out, and they discover they are locked inside after Arnold closes up for the night.
Pratt returns from Africa, and works with Luka, Abby, and Sam on the case of a father and two sons who appear to have been beaten by gang members, but soon, Pratt learns the real story.
When Xander, Willow, and Angel discover that he is involved with a cultish group of disillusioned teens who idolize vampires, they must find out Ford's true agenda before it's too late.
Along with the mysterious Lady Christina de Souza, can The Doctor escape the desolate wasteland on which they're trapped on and stop the mysterious, deadly force looming on the horizon?
Langston and Nick are called to investigate a murder at a fast food restaurant and have quite a task ahead of them when they discover that much of the evidence is coated in cooking oil.
Mulder who now is skeptical of extraterrestrial activity and believes that the government is behind the abduction phenomena is disturbed when Scully forms a special bond with the woman.
Trapper wins big at poker after using Hawkeye's watch as a stake, so Hawkeye takes his winnings and gives them to the army to avoid a stay in the honeymoon suite of The Stockade Hilton.
Season Premiere, The ER is under the bright lights when a television documentary is filmed depicting a typical day in the ER. British trauma specialist Elizabeth Corday joins the staff.
Mulder finds out about Skinner's deception and confronts him and Skinner reveals that he is working for the Cigarette Smoking Man in order to obtain a possible cure for Scully's cancer.
However, his ship is shot down and his crewmates are poisoned by the thorns of Varga plants, genetically engineered carnivores which transform their unlucky victims into Vargas as well.
The CSIs shift through the overwhelming evidence from a shootout with drug dealers in order to determine who is responsible for the death of a police officer killed during the incident.
The Doctor and Rose attempt to find out what is happening, whilst Adam investigates part of the station himself, and makes a decision that he's going to regret for the rest of his life.
There, an international team is struggling to bring down a shuttle which has inexplicably been drawn out of orbit, by the sudden appearance of a tenth planet, Earth's exact mirror twin.
What originally was supposed to be a private dinner between Mac and Dennis at Guigino doesn't go exactly as planned when the two notices that the rest of the gang is also in attendance.
Josh investigates the wisdom of a recess appointment as he tries to convince an old friend to be patient with the Sixth Circuit judicial nomination process and keep his hat in the ring.
A rare planetary alignment causes strange behaviour in the residents of a small town but particularly in two teenage girls who were born at the exact same moment on that particular date.
After getting a D on a paper for his investigative reporting class, Richie decides to do a story about the corrupt sanitation department that is forcing Howard to pay a weekly surcharge.
Rimmer scoffs at the idea but wakes up in the morning to discover that Lister is off studying for the chef's exam, a fairly trivial officer position, but an officer position nonetheless.
Toby sits down with union reps over textile import safeguards and the trade deficit with China, and arrives at a plan to settle the bras versus cars debate with the help of Ed and Larry.
Grissom and his team battle the flu when they are called upon by D.D.A. Klein to investigate the deaths of several key witnesses for a grand jury case against a dangerous Las Vegas gang.
But when he accompanies Nick, Catherine and Vartann to a warehouse with multiple booby-traps per square inch, Kip has to really earn his paycheck to find a safe way out for the CSI team.
Jessica finds the link between a number of recent break-ins in New York City and the murder of a sleazy wannabe entrepreneur whose body is found in one of the hottest salons in the city.
Jessica is in Aspen, Colorado, to appear on her long-time friend Laney Boswell's interview show only to find out that she is the prime suspect in the recent murder of her husband, Grant.
Kryten believes that he can defend Rimmer and reverse the verdict and he fronts up to the justice computer, describing to it all about Rimmer's extreme inadequacy and sheer hopelessness.
Kill Crazy and some other inmates reprogram him, turning him into a ruthless entrepreneur and he creates Krytie TV, a pay-per-view service offering Women's Shower Night and other events.
The doctor tells him that only Cartman has a matching kidney for Kyle, but when Stan goes to ask him, Cartman demands $10,000,000. Instead, Stan hatches a scheme to get Cartman's kidney.
CSM arranges for Krycek to be released from prison in order for him to make contact with the aliens and begin rebuilding the 'Project', while Scully's health appears to be taking a turn.
In attempts to convice Chandler and Monica to stay, their friends remind them of all the great memories they've had in their apartment in the city, shown as clips from previous episodes.
While discussing how they first got together in London, Chandler finds out that on the fateful night when Monica first came to his hotel room, she had been planning to hook up with Joey.
She meets with other abductees with the same condition and forms a special bond with a dying woman, while Mulder tries to save her from a doctor who may be connected with the abductions.
Kerry becomes upset when Anspaugh tells her that even though she has been Acting Chief of Emergency Medicine for a year, the hospital still plans a nationwide search for a permanent one.
Stardate: Unknown While en route to the source of a subspace distress signal coming from a desolate moon, Data, Troi and O'Brien take over the bridge and force the ship to change course.
Stockwell is kidnapped by his former partner who has gone bad and the A-Team has 18 hours to find him or forever lose any chances of securing a pardon, something they all still hope for.
The Enterprise investigates the disappearance of another starship and discovers a planet where the inhabitants are immortal, and engaged in a strange parallel of Earth's Cold War period.
Josh becomes more annoyed with Ryan than usual when the intern one-ups him during a presidential briefing on a tax cut for stay-at-home-moms that's being proposed by a congressional foe.
After the trade goes badly and Mulder discovers the truth about Samantha, he tracks the bounty hunter to his ship buried in the arctic ice and demands the whereabouts of his real sister.
The sinister Colonel Flagg pops up at the 4077th again, playing his usual spy games, convinced that Hawkeye is a communist sympathizer, after he saves the life of a North Korean soldier.
The team investigates the accidental shooting of an off-duty cop by another cop, officer Danny Finn, whose unabashed racial bias raises the possibility that the shooting was no accident.
To hide from overzealous fans, a popular rock group, one of the members was Richie's childhood friend is staying at the Cunningham house, but Richie can't tell anyone that they're there.
After the boyfriend of, infamous writer Daphne Clover is found murdered, Jessica agrees to assist the chief of police, who has never had a murder case before, find out who the killer is.
The agents find themselves wondering if his knowledge of the deaths is because of his obsession with the cases he has studied at Quantico or if he is in some way involved in the murders.
B.A. goes undercover as a boxer to stop the manipulation of boxing matches, when he finds out, that the money is used for drug-trafficking, he needs the support of the rest of the A-Team.
Carter engages in competition with new surgical resident-in-training Dale Edson upon learning that residents will be evaluated and graded, with only the top ones advancing to second year.
Cartman wants to show the other boys that he can be the first kid in the fourth grade with this mark of manliness, until everyone tells him that pubes don't count unless he grows his own.
Joey wants his ex-girlfriend, Angela to break up with her boyfriend, Bob, so he arranges for Monica and him to double date with them, but he tells Monica that Angela and Bob are siblings.
Diane arranges for a stranger to come into Cheers as part of an experiment in paranoid behavior, but then she provides an even better example as she waits for the gang to get back at her.
When he is found murdered shortly after, Jessica is asked by the police captain to help with the investigation, which seems to be centering on Baldwin's missing secretary, Laurie Bascomb.
In the conclusion of M*A*S*H's Season Four opener, Hawkeye, Alan Alda escorts B. J. Hunnicut, Mike Farrell, the likeable replacement of Hawkeye's old pal Trapper John, back to the 4077th.
Then, Josh and Santos's disagreements over how to run the campaign come to a head when Santos hires Josh's ex-girlfriend Amy Gardner to help him prepare for the debate he may never be in.
Jessica finds herself embroiled in a Cabot Cove murder case when the husband of her temporary typist is murdered and a young reporter agrees to help the grieving widow cover up the crime.
The revelation of Phoebe's secret marriage prompts several other discoveries, The underwear on the telephone pole outside is Monica's, from when she had sex with Fun Bobby on the terrace.
They tell the rest of the gang, and then confront Monica and Chandler, forcing the revelation that Monica and Chandler are trying to move to a house outside the city to raise their child.
Sisko is challenged by Captain Solok, an old Vulcan rival from Starfleet Academy, to a game of baseball in the holosuite, and is given only two weeks to turn his senior staff into a team.
Jesus in turns calls upon his superfriends, which includes other deities and religious leaders, to help Stan rescue Kyle and to stop Blaine from converting the rest of the US to his cult.
Stardate: Unknown The Enterprise has been asked by the Federation to check in on the progress made by scientists terraforming the planet Velara III, whose communications have been spotty.
Stardate: Unknown While on vacation on Risa, Captain Picard encounters two Vorgons from the 27th Century who claim they are searching for a powerful weapon hidden somewhere on the planet.
Stardate: Unknown Doctor Crusher puts her career on the line when she tries to clear the name of a murdered scientist whose invention could allow starships to pass through a sun's corona.
The Doctor and his companions are on board an Earth ship trapped in orbit around the Sense-Sphere when it is boarded by the Sensorites, who have stolen the lock mechanism from the TARDIS.
The Enterprise seeks out a historical researcher with whom the Federation has lost contact, and discovers he has contaminated a culture, remaking it into a near-duplicate of Nazi Germany.
So Randy decides he's going to be the first in line for some, except without anything wrong with him, he's turned away and must come up with a medical malady to get his hands on the drug.
The son of a notorious killer is arrested on suspicion of murder, and the CSI team must overcome their natural prejudices against the boy's antecedents in order to track the true culprit.
To avoid getting sick with the flu and missing out on their chance to participate in an upcoming Boyz II Men singing competition, the gang decides to quarantine themselves in Paddy's Pub.
Upon discovering a cultural symbol drawn in the ground on a planet that was used by his ancestors to heal the land, Chakotay tries to contact the beings his tribe called the Sky Spirits .
However, the plan is threatened when Xena seems to fall for Antony and Brutus suddenly appears, forcing Xena and Gabrielle to turn tothe young, idealisticRoman nobleman Octavius for help.
But when Ares sends an army to force the issue, Xena reluctantly teams up with an angelic Callisto to find a way to make the God back off from his threat to destroy Eli and his followers.
However, when Aphrodite casts a spell that turns Joxer into an ape-man and Gabrielle into a complete narcissist, it's up to the fish-obsessed warrior princess to pull everything together.
When Mr Mackey and Stan agree to surrender themselves to the hoarding experts, Stan gets a more than a glimpse of what it was like for Mr Mackey in the 4th grade at South Park Elementary.
Soon afterwards, evidence starts to suggest that he is not, in fact, the EMH on Voyager, but actually its creator, Doctor Zimmerman, stuck in a malfunctioning holodeck on Jupiter Station.
After a visit to the crash site and finding Max's body with radiation burns on it, Mulder suggests that the plane was intercepted by a UFO and is rapidly being covered up by the military.
While investigating the murder of a convicted ex-cop, the CSIs stumble upon a list in his prison cell with names of several individuals he believed might have been his wife's true killer.
After Mac arrives to the bar with scratches on his neck and exhibiting strange behavior, Frank comes to the conclusion that he is the serial killer terrorizing young women in Philadelphia.
Angel learns that there may be a connection between the Beast and Connor, only to discover that Connor is trapped inside the Wolfram & Hart offices, where the Beast is on a bloody rampage.
Angel tracks down a nerdy millionaire's blackmailer, but gets caught in the middle of a gang war between street kids and vampires and meets the leader of the vampire hunters, Charles Gunn.
However, soon the whole camp is hot under the collar as word leaks out about the tub and everyone wants a dip, except for Klinger, who is trying to get his Section 8 by wearing a fur coat.
With Greene in Indiana, Weaver on her day off and Kovac missing, Romano places Benton in charge of the ER. Carter treats a teenager with HIV who has not been informed of his condition yet.
Mulcahy takes up a collection from everyone, including a case of wine from Charles' private supply, and he and Charles take the jeep to make a trade with the black marketers for Pentothal.
In San Francisco, Dennis Stanton investigates the murder of Truman Calloway, a man with no shortage of enemies, when the ex-husband of one of Calloway's clients is charged with the murder.
unable to get through to Jed and fearing the worst, Leo calls in the reinforcements, and Abbey returns to Washington to deliver a message and provide her husband with a little perspective.
When something causes Angel and company to start acting erratically, they must find a way to stop it before they say or do the wrong thing in front of their skittish, and dangerous guests.
Sara, Finlay and Morgan's spa weekend turns into a murder investigation/missing persons case when Finlay goes missing, the CSI team figure out what happened in detail in order to find her.
Stardate: Unknown Dax's previous host, Curzon, is accused of a murder committed 30 years ago, and Jadzia is unwilling to defend him, even though she hides an alibi capable of clearing him.
Still trying to come to terms with Parker's womanizing, Buffy starts to hang out at the college bar where she and a group of upper-class students drown their troubles in an excess of beer.
The A-Team faces an especially challenging mission when their pacifist clients, a religious community, forbid the use of violence against bigots trying to run their community off its land.
The Doctor and an unlikely team of allies attempt to break into the most well-guard bank in the universe to steal something that they can't remember, on behalf of the mysterious Architect.
Rimmer and Cat survive the trial because of their shallowness and low standards, but Lister and Kryten both feel they could have made much more of their lives and are removed from history.
Meanwhile, Kes meets with other Ocampa living on Suspiria's array, descended from a group that left the homeworld over 300 years earlier, who encourage her to develop her mental abilities.
When Lorne performs a spell on Cordelia to restore her memory, it inadvertently causes the gang to revert back to their high school personas and leaves them with no memories of each other.
When the Enterprise investigates the disappearance of another starship, the crew loses Kirk in a dimensional interphase and must deal with a hostile alien race while trying to recover him.
Frank Burns becomes very distraught, so Potter sends him on R&R. As they deal with the physical and psychological wounds in a heavy load of casualties, members of the 4077th wonder why Maj.
Former med student Deb Chen, now known as Jing-Mei Chen and also a full-fledged doctor, returns to the ER. On her first day, she and Carter help a young Jane Doe brought in for panhandling.
Against the wishes of the Sheriff, Grissom pushes to get at the truth of the matter-he thinks the suicide was actually a homicide, and uses theories on electrocution to look for his killer.
Janeway must find a way to hide her telepathic officers, as well as twelve telepathic refugees, while traveling through space controlled by the Devore, a species who has outlawed telepathy.
Jessica helps Grady and Donna work out the plans for their upcoming wedding, but winds up in the middle of a murder mystery when the maitre d' at the restaurant Donna works for is murdered.
While helping clear Eugene's name, Jessica learns that her friend believes he is dying, and is surprised when he asks her to marry him so that she can look after his affairs once he's gone.
Joanie has to decide where she wants to go to college, UCLA or the local UWM. She wants to go to UCLA, but Howard very much wants her to go to UWM, even offering her a new car as incentive.
Joey appears in an infomercial for the Milk Master 2000. Phoebe forgets to tell Joey about an audition, but makes it up to him by calling the casting director and pretending to be an agent.
While on a date with a new girl, Elizabeth Hornswoggle Ross' new pair of leather pants is so hot and tight that he can't get them back on after taking them off to cool down in the bathroom.
Meanwhile, the mechanism that caused the body swap is rapidly snapping back, undoing everything in it's wake and Mulder and his alter ego must race to put themselves back where they belong.
Peter battles local racism, delivers a difficult infant while battling the grandfather's concerns that the child might be black, and uses unorthodox methods to save two shrimp boat workers.
Stardate: Unknown The aging and terminally ill Starfleet Admiral Mark Jameson, who is negotiating the release of hostages, suddenly begins growing younger through an unexplained phenomenon.
Stardate: Unknown The Enterprise encounters a living ship in the Neutral Zone, and risks breaking the Romulan Federation alliance in order to bring it into contact with a Betazoid emissary.
But why do events seem to repeat themselves, and why is a plesiosaur attacking the ship? Meanwhile, on the planet Inter Minor, travelling showman Vorg arrives with his remarkable Miniscope,
When the attempt fails, the Queen Mother manages to convince her weak-willed son that the Huguenots will respond violently, and he authorises the slaughter of all Huguenots within the city.
The ritualistic murder of a teenager in a small town gets Mulder and Scully caught up in a secret occult practice within the local school's PTA and a substitute teacher with strange powers.
When Gabrielle defends a young Israelite named David, her life is threatened until Xena proposes to fight her old friend, the giant Goliath in return for their freedom from the Philistines.
Meanwhile, Howard's engineering skills are tested when he and Sheldon try fix Raj's toy helicopter, while Raj plays his parents against each other after his father cuts him off financially.
is apparently killed by tobacco beetles, Mulder suspects that the beetles have hatched inside his lungs and found their way there through inhalation of smoke from an experimental cigarette.
But a cagey detective finds holes in the story, and Jessica suspects there is more to the case, particularly after a cache of stolen emeralds and a decades-old family secret come into play.
With Muhammad at the center of hostage negotiations between the town of South Park and both the Ginger kids and Tom Cruise's army of celebrities, the burning question on everyone's mind is,
With the recent death of a fellow Leopard Lodge member, Howard fears that he may be ousted as Grand Pooh Bah for not attracting any new members other than Potsie during his five-year reign.
But with Xena's heart, and the hearts of the ones around her turning evil, Xena must maintain the remaining goodness inside of her and keep herself from hurting her daughter in the process.
Recurring guest stars include ROB LOWE as Sam Seaborn, LILY TOMLIN as Deborah Fiderer, TERI POLO as Helen Santos, JANEANE GAROFALO as Louise Thornton and ANNA DEAVERE SMITH as Nancy McNally.
A senator attaches a rider to the federal budget bill that would ban gay marriage, almost daring the President to veto it, as the physical infirmities of Bartlet's MS become more pronounced.
An addictive game is distributed among the crew of the Enterprise, however, it appears that this game interferes with a person's logic and reason, which leaves the crew open to manipulation.
Upon learning that Knox and Gunn have each contributed to her demise, Wesley is bent on revenge and Angel tries everything to restore Fred, including calling on an old friend from Sunnydale.
Meanwhile, the Senior Partners' liaison, Eve, introduces herself, Harmony becomes Angel's secretary, the Senior Partners grant Gunn new talents, and a mysterious envelope has been delivered.
Change comes elsewhere as Luka and Abby adjust to being husband and wife, Pratt tries to be a new man to his lady friend, Morris and Hope take things to the next level, and Ray goes missing.
They come across a scheme run by Forester, a ruthless businessman and his misguided scientist colleague Smithers to launch a new insecticide which is capable of destroying the local ecology.
He takes the woman home, but when he goes back to return her purse, an older woman tells him that the Haleys moved out ten years ago when their daughter was killed in an automobile accident.
Warrick Brown and Nick Stokes are competing to solve their 100th case to earn a promotion to CSI 3. Grissom investigates a murder staged to look like a suicide with precious little evidence.
When the female book restorer is found dead and locked inside a cage, a temperature-controlled workspace, Grissom and Nick attempt to determine whether this is a case of suicide or homicide.
Hawkeye is overcome by the devotion of a terminally ill G.I., who has leukemia, for his critically wounded buddy, but he has trouble coming to terms with the fact that he can't cure the man.
Kirk, McCoy, and Sulu are stranded on a barren planet where a mysterious woman attempts to kill them one at a time, while the Enterprise must travel halfway across the galaxy to rescue them.
The nanobots follow Kryten's orders and reconstruct Lister's body, going one step further and turning him into Mr Universe! Cat takes control and guides Starbug into Red Dwarf's landing bay.
While all of this has been going on, Elizabeth has been in London, working at her father's hospital, where her supervisor doesn't like the American mannerisms and vocabulary she's picked up.
In the ER, Susan, Pratt, and the nurses evaluate Ray, Neela, and Abby's first days as R2s, while each of them struggles to manage patients, new interns, and their first attempts at teaching.
Meanwhile, Bernadette starts to feel guilty about going back to work and leaving her baby, but she doesn't tell Howard about it which makes him believe that she's mad at him about something.
Stardate: Unknown The Enterprise investigates a planet where an entirely colony has been eradicated except for two elderly residents and their home, which has been left in perfect condition.
However, Riker's loyalties are tested when he's asked to keep the true nature of the mission secret from Picard, as it could destroy the peace treaty between the Federation and the Romulans.
The A-Team are hired by Mickey and his niece Randy to stop the sabotage at Mickey's construction site, after Mickey is almost killed there by his rival Carl Denham who's behind the sabotage.
The Doctor faces suspicion from the monks and from the British explorer Travers, who's determined to prove that the Yeti exist and initially fears that the Doctor is from a rival expedition.
Boffo ratings have the executives at HBC plotting further use of the curse word, as the nation is struck by a mysterious plague that unleashes the ancient Knights of Standards and Practices.
But when the shroud the robbers are trying to steal turns out to have mind-altering effects can Angel and Gunn keep the shroud from falling into the wrong hands before they lose their minds?
When a client suddenly begins acting erratically, Angel and company discover that he has been infected by a strange, slug-like creature which takes over bodies and eventually kills the host.
When a star tennis player is found beaten and stabbed to death after winning an important match, the CSI team must figure out who from her past and present might have had reason to kill her.
When another mysterious package arrives at Wolfram & Hart that recorporealizes Spike, the gang learns that the existence of two living ensouled vampire heroes has created chaos in the world.
When the Enterprise is on a mission transporting dangerous viruses to a starbase in hopes of discovering a cure, Troi shocks the crew with the news that she has mysteriously become pregnant.
The CSI team quickly discovers that the victim was also the class bully, and Grissom is convinced that he is looking for a classmate who was finally pushed to end the abuse once and for all.
Lister and Cat finally track them down but by then Rimmer and Kryten don't want to leave, observing that the world makes more sense backwards, and list off several things like death and war.
After a scan of a couple's unborn child is found to have strange growths protruding from the head and back, the foetus is taken from inside the mother by a demon creature while she is asleep.
Angel's past deeds come back to haunt him as he dreams about killing again but when the dreams become identical to a number of murders in the area Angel fears that he is killing in his sleep.
As Miles and Keiko O'Brien head off on their first vacation in years, the chief is detained and arrested by Cardassian military forces and forced to stand trial with death being his sentence.
In return for this, CSM asks that Mulder quit the FBI and work for him in the Syndicate where he could have power and respect which Mulder turns down, deciding to stay on the side of justice.
Doctor Sumner Sloane returns to Cheers on Diane and Sam's wedding day to tell her that a publisher is interested in one of her class manuscripts if she can go to work immediately on rewrites.
When several motorists report seeing the girl along an access road near Miami, Catherine and Warrick fly there and meet that city's top CSI, Horatio Caine, who aids them in the investigation.
Hawkeye undergoes a drastic change when he becomes temporary commander of the 4077th, and learns about the tedious bureaucracy and accompanying headaches that Colonel Potter deals with daily.
When the Delta Flyer is forced to make an emergency landing, and it isn't known whether Tuvok, Paris, or Ensign Wildman survived, Neelix struggles with how to shelter Naomi from the bad news.
Rose Tyler, Martha Jones, Sarah Jane Smith, and Jack Harkness must work together at a time of great urgency as Earth, now trapped in the Medusa Cascade, is threatened by the new Dalek Empire.
Ross and Rachel arrive at the casino, where Rachel quickly learns she is a human doodle . The ink won't come off, so she and Ross spend the day hiding in the hotel room, raiding the mini-bar.
Due to her ex-husband failing to pay her tuition, Abby cannot continue med school until the beginning of the next quarter and confronts her ex-husband at the driving range making a big scene.
Thanks to Doctor Frasier Crane, Sam is back on his way to becoming sober and stable again but Diane, who's taken her old job back, has yet to tell Sam that she's now involved with the doctor.
The CSI teams come together to save one of their own when they learn one team member has been kidnapped and buried alive, and now they must find him before he suffocates under 5 feet of dirt.
Carter later overhears Randi telling Lucy that her prescription is ready, he questions her and accuses her of been on speed, Lucy confesses she has taken Ritalin for ADHD since the 5th grade.
Voyager is forced to evaluate their ethical beliefs, as well as those of an alien criminal justice system, when they rescue a Nygean prison warden, and his prisoners scheduled to be executed.
When a teenager and her sister are the sole survivors of the gruesome murder of four members of one family in a quiet suburban neighborhood, Grissom and his entire team investigate the crime.
When the Doctor returns to Gallifrey, he takes charge and then takes steps to rectify the one great error in his history, and threatens to create the Hybrid which the prophecies warn against.
This documentary features many clips from previous episodes, as well as some of Matt and Trey's earlier works such as The Spirit of Christmas, Jesus VS Frosty, American History, and many more.
Xena tries leaving Gabrielle with him in a bid to save Gabrielle from her vision, but before she leaves Xena discovers he's actually feeding off Gabrielle's goodness to gain power for himself.
In the second part of this two-parter Grissom investigates the murder of an aging rockstar who is found dead in his kitchen with an exact replica of the crime scene on the counter next to him.
Visited by a demon guide, astral Cordy is mystically granted the opportunity to live her dream of a rich and famous actress if she is willing to give up her history with Angel and her visions.
He comments on the night that they slept together, and she replies in disbelief, proving to him that it is actually Rimmer who has simply reorganized his Holoprojection to look like Kochanski.
Romantic complications abound when Xena, Gabrielle, Joxer, and Amarice arrive in Spamona looking for a little R & R. Joxer wants Gabrielle's affection, but she only has eyes for her new horse.
For some reason, Spike is linked to Wolfram & Hart and cannot leave L.A. As the gang struggles with this new development, Angel tries to put a dangerous necromancer, Hainsley, out of business.
Stardate: Unknown While searching for any signs of the U.S.S. Drake, which was last reported orbiting the planet Minos, the Enterprise receives a strange communication from the planet surface.
The Doctor attempts to come to grips with his newest incarnation, with Clara helping him, while dealing with a dinosaur rampage in Victorian London and several cases of spontaneous combustion.
The Doctor comes to modern-day Earth when Clara calls him through the TARDIS. They discover that someone, or something, is occupying the wi-fi networks of the world and harvesting human minds.
But just as the prince and princess are about to be joined for all eternity, the princess is abducted! All Canadians are called upon to help save the princess and Ike answers the call to arms.
The Rani plans to transfer her time tunnel to the centre of the Earth's time meridian, and use her store of genetic codes and brain prints of every living creature to control evolution itself.
The TARDIS lands in the front-line trenches in the middle of World War I. But there is something strange about the General who is convinced that the Doctor and his companions are German spies,
When Stokes learns a violent man he helped put in prison is going to have his conviction overturned, the CSIs race to find evidence to prove that he's guilty or else he's going to be released.
But ordinary children are vanishing, seemingly into thin air, whilst a mother living in a seemingly ordinary British household is trying to hide her daughter's unnatural powers from the world.
With Ares rendered mortal, Aphrodite has become off-balance and is easily seduced by the evil Roman Emperor, Caligula, who steals her Godly powers and becomes a threat to the followers of Eli.
Things go bad when a band of rebels gains control of the planet's weather regulator to scare the visitors in an attempt to show them how unprepared the Federation is for the Dominion invasion.
Xena and Gabrielle work to save a village that is being destroyed in exactly the same manner in which the warrior princess destroyed another village years ago as she was fighting the Centaurs.
After failing to get tickets to Comic-Con, Sheldon decides to create his own convention and tries to get James Earl Jones to be a guest at it only to wind up spending the entire night with him.
Bill Boyle, a former football star turned down on his luck private investigator, reluctantly agrees to watch his friend Johnny's poodle, Jack, for a couple of hours while Johnny runs an errand.
the D.C. Mayor finds an ally in Charlie as he tries to persuade Jed to sign a supplemental appropriation bill for the District which contains a controversial school voucher pilot program rider.
Joey and Chandler, feeling like they don't have much going on in their lives compared to their friends, try to make some big plans, like climbing Mount Everest or at least watching some videos.
Fonzie and Roger miss their flight to Minneapolis for a teacher's convention, so they agree to go with Potsie's friend, Omar, who has a small plane he uses for crop dusting and spreading ashes.
In order to repair the damaged Deep Space Nine, O'Brien assembles a team to salvage parts from the abandoned Empok Nor, an old Cardassian station which is of the same design as Deep Space Nine.
Unfortunately, Kryten hasn't last seen the nanobots since they had met the Despair Squid, see Back To Reality They all go into the deep sleep booths and make their way back to the ocean planet.
They realise that it was the nano version of RD that they were chasing and the nanobots evaded them by coming aboard Starbug and travelling around their own galaxy inside Lister clothes hamper.
Margaret develops a case of prickly heat, Charles does his tax returns, and Klinger takes the P.A. apart, just some of the events which occur during another unendurably hot night at the 4077th.
When the boys have finally had enough of their teacher's erratic mood swings and excessive homework assignments, they find out that there are people-for-hire that can help out in any situation.
San Francisco, 1999. Returning home to Gallifrey with the remains of the Master, the TARDIS is forced off course, landing the Doctor in the middle of a street gang's gun fight in San Francisco.
Santos is campaigning in California during the last few days before the all-important Super Tuesday primary elections, but he is out of money and he trails both Russell and Hoynes in the polls.
With the help of the Lone Gunmen, Scully discovers terrifying information about her child's captors, and is once again forced to confront the mystery regarding the sinister interest in her son.
Stan and his parents attend Mr Mackey's meteor shower party, and Stan is sent to the basement, which has become the Kids' Room . Down there are Pip, and two other kids named Butters and Dougie.
Strange deaths, men changing into monsters, hot green slime pouring out of the waste pipes, but Professor Stahlman is determined to press ahead with the Inferno project no matter what the cost!
Once released from Sutekh's mind control, the Time Lord races against time to stop the Osirian from escaping his imprisonment and launching a bloody campaign of destruction across the universe.
Raj coming out of his introvert shell and giving a taste of his wit and Howard giving his insight on the current happenings with a Stephen Hawking impersonation and doing his Indian Guy accent.
The A-Team is blackmailed by retired General Stockwell, who kidnaps Hannibal and threatens to have him prosecuted if the A-Team fails to secure the release of hostages held on a plane in Spain.
After tracing the cause of death to a lethal poison, the team is shocked to discover that Fairmont's organs have already been removed and donated, making the case a bit more difficult to solve.
The Doctor plans to take Rose back through time to Naples, 1860, but instead they arrive in Cardiff, 1869. In Victorian Cardiff, the dead are walking and creatures made of gas are on the loose.
The Doctor and his companions must then find their way back to the TARDIS through a battlefield, and the young Highland piper who helps them, Jamie McCrimmon, accompanies them on their travels.
Tegan steers the TARDIS here without consciously meaning to, but why? And is it a coincidence that the planet is about to celebrate the 500th anniversary of the expulsion of the insidious Mara?
When Eli preaches of the end of the rule of the Olympian Gods, Xena and Gabrielle take it upon themselves to defend him from the Gods' wrath in spite of his claims not to need their protection.
The Gunmen, however, are knee-deep in a bio-terrorist's plot to release a deadly toxin into the population but the Gunmen find that they may have to make the ultimate sacrifice for their cause.
When his younger brother Wayne, the family's black sheep, becomes chief suspect in the murder of his employer, Sheriff Metzger relies on Jessica to help him keep his perspective about the case.
When the wife of a developer is accused of killing her husband and commits suicide, it leaves the whereabouts of his embezzled millions a mystery and the dead woman's sister absolutely furious.
Along with his disregard for the church, Stack has a rather irritating habit of playing jungle music loudly at 3 o'clock in the morning, and a plan is hatched to get Jack back to sort out Stack.
The discovery of the first stable wormhole, controlled by time-independent aliens, worshipped by the Bajorans as gods, called Prophets, gives Sisko religious significance as the aliens Emissary.
Charles becomes so irate, when he is turned down for a future medical position at home, that he refuses to talk to anyone in the unit, until Hawkeye and B.J. send him a false telegram from home.
Doctor Crusher attends her grandmother's funeral, and afterward finds out she had been in romantic encounters with a mysterious man who had been haunting the Howard family women for generations.
Doctor Greene and Doctor Corday's marriage struggles when their infant daughter Ella is admitted to the hospital, and Doctor Corday tells Greene's daughter Rachel she is no longer welcome there.
In the 12th season finale, Dennis reveals he has a baby after his Wade Boggs layover in North Dakota and the gang try to help him get out of the jam, but their suggestions border on the extreme.
Luka and Abby's shared feast is delayed when a medical evacuation flight to transfer an older patient puts Abby in the middle of a bus crash scene where she earns the respect of the flight crew.
Jessica ends up being the prime suspect in the murder, but luckily the officer in charge of the investigation believes she's too smart to be the killer and sets her up to find the real murderer.
Lister gives up when Rimmer calls Kryten on a trip moon-hopping . On the trip they receive a distress call and Kryten goes to investigate against Rimmer's orders, The planet is about to explode.
Toby's less than stellar performance in the briefing room makes the search for a new press secretary a top priority, and Josh volunteers Donna to assist him in interviewing potential candidates.
Sara clashes with her mother-in-law and a woman from Gil's past when the CSIs investigate a car bombing tied to the faculty and students at a local college's Department of Deaf Cultural Studies.
Strange weather phenomena in a small town leads Mulder to believe that a weatherman whose deep emotions and unspoken love toward his workmate are becoming real in the form of snow and tornadoes.
The alien Chameleons, who lost their personal identities in a cosmic accident, intend to steal the identities of the thousands of kidnapped youths, and the Doctor and his friends must stop them.
The Good crew are killed by various things, mostly by their own stupidity when they walk toward someone firing at them but eventually the original crew locates the other half of the triplicator.
When a landing party investigating Scalos begins to vanish one by one, Kirk, Spock and McCoy try to find out what is happening before more of the crew disappears, until Kirk himself is abducted.
When the carnival comes to town, Mort is faced with a former girlfriend who left him years ago for another man, and the two are the prime suspects when her husband's crooked partner is murdered.
Suddenly Willow transforms into the likeness of Warren, Tara's murderer, and she must find a way to reverse the change while she deals with the still-raw emotional wounds caused by Tara's death.
Xena enlists the help of Autolycus, the King of Thieves, in order to steal a treasure chest from a warlord and return it to its rightful owners, unless Autolycus has something to say about that.
A Congressional aide, Williamson, visits the 4077th on a supposedly routine fact-finding tour, but it's discovered that his motives are far deeper, to uncover Margaret as a Communist sympathizer.
Before he dies, the driver recalls that, moments before the wreck, the steering wheel began vibrating like a jackhammer in his hands, making it impossible for him to control the speeding vehicle.
Rimmer tries to discourage Lister from taking the exam and even orders him not to, but Lister doesn't give in, saying that the only way he won't take the exam is if Rimmer lets him see Kochanski.
An old man casts a body-switching spell on Angel, and enjoys the many pleasures of being eternally young, handsome, and bloodthirsty in Los Angeles while a dying Angel tries to get his body back.
When he fails, the confused teen escapes to the mean streets of L.A. Determined to set things straight, Angel searches for his son, who in the interim befriends a troubled but kind homeless girl.
The discovery of the first stable wormhole, controlled by time-independent aliens, worshipped by the Bajorans as gods, called Prophets, gives Sisko religious significance as the aliens' Emissary.
The Coon rises from the gutter and becomes South Park's sole vigilante, until a rival superhero, Mysterion shows up on the scene and challenges The Coon 's right to be a beacon for the townsfolk.
Meanwhile, as the International Space Station is leaking oxygen and a rescue of the three astronauts will be difficult, and Bartlet catches Charlie leaving Zoey's bedroom after a nighttime visit.
Italy, 1492. The Mandragora Helix establishes its power base with the Brotherhood of Demnos, while Count Federico plots against his nephew Giuliano, unaware of the danger that threatens them all.
Just as Doyle is inches away from finally making a connection with Cordy, his estranged wife shows up at Angel Investigations begging for a divorce so that she can marry the new love of her life.
Kirk, Spock, and McCoy land on a primitive planet to negotiate a mining treaty, but soon find themselves involved with intrigue and must flee with a pregnant woman into the surrounding mountains.
When Gibson Praise reappears and comes to them for help, Mulder and Scully attempt to continue their quest undercover despite having fewer friends and less access and protection than ever before.
She attempts to murder Jerry Parks, the author but accidentally kills her P.A. Columbo roots out the connection between the current case and the mysterious disappearance of the actress's husband.
When even La Palabra, a Latino voters group, is all set to endorse Hoynes instead of Santos, Josh urges Santos to take a stand on the new bill that denies driver's licenses to illegal immigrants.
Meanwhile, Donna tries to figure out why Hoynes suddenly isn't campaigning in California, and advances her position in the Russell campaign by becoming the Vice President's official spokesperson.
When a couple breaks down while passing through town they find themselves in a town divided, one side Treasure Cove is controlled by Stan and Kyle, the other Smiley Town is controlled by Cartman.
She then walks over to Spock, When the crew awakens, McCoy summons Kirk to sick bay and informs him that the alien visitor apparently removed Spock's entire brain without even performing surgery.
Stardate: Unknown While being escorted to a Federation conference by the Enterprise, Lwaxana hunts for a man to satisfy her needs when her sex-drive is quadrupled during a natural mid-life cycle.
The second season begins with the gang coming across a crashed space shuttle where the service mechanoid, Kryten, is still attending to the officers, even though they have long since passed away.
When they're invited to present at a physics conference, Sheldon's reluctance to share the credit leads to a tiff between him and Leonard, and Penny's intervention only exacerbates the situation.
A Van Gogh painting ferried across thousands of years, communicating a disturbing prophecy to the Doctor, a message on the oldest cliff-face in the universe and a love that lasts a thousand years.
Angel is desperate to rescue Darla from the clutches of Wolfram & Hart and flashbacks reveal what a dangerous and powerful relationship they shared as history weirdly seems to be repeating itself.
Angel threatens to expose Wolfram & Hart's criminal activities when he discovers that they are stealing large contributions that were made to a teen shelter,, but an old adversary has other plans.
As the only thing that stands between the Persian Army and Athens, Xena wages war against substantial odds & time itself, while Gabrielle slowly succumbs to the strike of a deadly, poisoned arrow.
At the end of Last of the Time Lords, a ship crashes through the side of the TARDIS, mid flight, and a life ring bearing the name 'Titanic' is thrown towards the Doctor, what on Earth is going on?
Carter believes he's found a Christmas miracle when a teenage girl with a rare blood type needs an organ donation at the same time a brain-dead patient with the same blood type is in the hospital.
Although he refuses to divulge the missing agent's whereabouts, the mystery man has enough knowledge of the X-files and its history to lead Doggett to suspect that he just might be Mulder himself.
A teenage boy dies while in session with his female psychologist, and traces of angora on his underwear make them believe the psychologist may be practicing very unconventional methods of therapy.
In this mini-episode created specifically for the Web, the Doctor and River take an unexpected detour on one of their dates and find themselves being sent to get sacrificed to the locals' deities.
Jessica joins the Gambini family to celebrate the 75th birthday of their patriarch, Salvatore Gambini, but finds herself mixed up in a murder investigation when a body is found in the wine cellar.
Jessica looks into the matter when she makes a new friend in Westchester county, who just happens to have a penchant for jewelry theft, that ends up being arrested for the murder of her chauffeur.
Jules Rubadoux, whose wife was a patient of Carter's nine years ago, comes into the ER with heart problems and wanting nothing to do with Carter, whom he feels is responsible for his wife's death.
Rachel teases him about it the next day on their flight, so they both start doing their best to embarrass each other, a contest which is topped off by Ross drawing a mustache on a sleeping Rachel.
Movie director and wunderkind Alex Bradey keeps everyone dancing to his tune, his producer, the studio, his leading man and his ex-girlfriend whom he set up together to keep the actor in his film.
On the day of Mrs Landingham's funeral, the staff deals with a Haitian presidential crisis and the law suit against the big tobacco companies, and Bartlet must decide about running for reelection.
Plans to build a new hotel in Cabot Cove are put on hold when diggers discover an old skeleton that had been buried deeply that many of the townspeople believe to be the remains of Joshua Peabody.
Can the five of them get their act together long enough to help save the town from a gang of outlaws, or will Sheriff Talia have to defeat these bandits, led by her husband Darcon, all on her own?
Sheldon becomes concerned that his cushy lifestyle is impacting his professional progress and keeping him from achieving scientific renown, so he asks the gang to make life more difficult for him.
Sheldon wakes up with no memory of what he did due to taking cold medicine and realizes that he lost his notebook which contains classified information about the air force project he's working on.
Chandler accidentally erases Ross's keynote speech, so Ross and Charlie stay up all night together to rebuild it, while Rachel and Joey have fun crashing the neighboring pharmaceutical convention.
Throughout the day, Sam deals with a UFO nut, CJ gets a proposal to build a wolves-only road, Toby and Bartlet clash over everything, and Josh is overwhelmed by guilt regarding his sister's death.
Walker's cousin, David Little Eagle Jackson, returns to the reservation following studying medicine to find many do not like him, including his girlfriend's father, whose murder he soon witnesses.
When Xena and Gabrielle meet yet another Xena look-alike, a virgin priestess named Leah, they have to figure out who's plotting against Leah, who's using Meg, and keep Joxer safe at the same time.
When their former elementary school gym teacher is accused of molestation, Charlie responds uncomfortably to the news while Mac attempts to make sense of the whole situation in his own unique way.
Holly calls them Future Echoes, pieces of the future that they are catching up with as a result of light speed, backed up when Rimmer spots a picture showing Lister holding two babies in his arms.
A serial killer with unusual tastes is doing his stalking on the internet, luring women to him by capitalizing on their vulnerabilities, using his knack for playing into the most desperate desires.
After going to the funeral of an old friend, Jessica is caught up in the middle of a twenty-year-old mystery when it seems her friend's missing son may have turned up, with no memory of who he was.
Despite the raging hurricane, Mulder and Scully head out to investigate and discover several strange deaths caused by an octopus-like sea creature that swam in through the overflowing sewer system.
Face replaces a candidate who was killed while running for sheriff against a corrupt incumbent, and ends up getting the military after the whole A-Team when his photo is published in the newspaper.
Grissom and Sara may be secret lovers, but they still find ways to surprise each other like when their religious beliefs surface when two nuns find a body of a woman crucified on a makeshift cross.
Hodges convinces fellow lab rats Archie, Henry, Mandy and Wendy that Grissom wants them to secretly investigate the so-called miniature murders while the CSIs are in the field probing other crimes.
Leonard and Penny cook their first Thanksgiving dinner as a married couple, Sheldon and Amy, as friends, visit an aquarium and Howard, Bernadette, Raj and Emily volunteer at the local soup kitchen.
Kerry finds herself more and more frustrated when Anspaugh suggests that they're not considering her for ER Chief, and she discovers she's the last to hear that Doug was made a pediatric attending.
Meanwhile the freeze wears off and Rimmer and Lister are hauled in front of Hollister who gives them a long and detailed account of how Pete ate almost all of the ship's supplies and then was sick.
Scully and Mulder investigate when an art gallery displaying offensive artwork is bombed, and need to discover a way to communicate with the comatose perpetrator to try and prevent a future attack.
Stardate: Unknown O'Brien returns from an away mission to discover that he has been locked out of every security system on the station, and that everyone has turned against him, including his wife.
Stuck on the solution to a physics problem, Sheldon seeks a number of alternative approaches to change his thinking and free the mental block-including working with Penny at The Cheesecake Factory.
With the aid of her sweet-natured executioner, Helen A, ruler of the planet, has ensured the population is happy, on pain of death! The Doctor and Ace decide to fight for the right to be miserable.
The boys go out to see the new edition of Star Wars, Episode V and during the previews they find out that the movie studios are planning on re-releasing more movies with digitally enhanced effects.
When Columbo first comes to the crime scene, he notices that the lights are off, a gold medallion in the robber's pants, and signs that pointed to the fact that he was going abroad after the heist.
As the investigation goes deeper, Angel learns that this creature preys on many aspiring actresses, and his latest target is an old friend from Sunnydale who has just arrived in the City of Angels.
Now, Gabrielle, Xena, and Aphrodite must go to extensive measures to save the helmet from the warlord's greedy hands and save Genia from the zealots, who've teamed up with the warlord to stop Xena.
Xena and Gabrielle team up with Autolycus to recover a statue that is a symbol of peace between two villages, but they must steal it back Autolycus' way in order for him to maintain his reputation.
Mark abandons his Thanksgiving dinner at Elizabeth's to be Carol's birthing coach, leaving Elizabeth with his grumpy father and a rather sullen Rachel, who unexpectedly experiences her first menses.
Feeling that they need to maintain a certain level of decorum during their appearance on a nationally televised game show, Dennis tries to get the rest of the gang to tone down their eccentricities.
They quickly discover that the world is under threat from the evil Carrionites and history's most celebrated playwright William Shakespeare is under the control of the sinister witch-like creatures.
But when Xena disappears and an army threatens the valley, Gabrielle must team up with Minya, a love-sick Joxer, and Ares and Aphrodite, who are Powerless after the scroll's spell backfires on them.
Mulder is trapped inside a train car which contains a suspected alien-human hybrid and also a bomb, while Scully pursues the truth about her abduction and the mystery behind the implant in her neck.
Newscaster Clete Roberts, reprising an earlier interview appearance, returns to update Korean War conditions, when he conducts a series of television talks with the leading characters of the 4077th.
On Harry Pierce's advice, Jessica spends a little bit of time at a lakeside inn where, while bird-watching one morning, she witnesses what appears to be a struggle and a woman falling into the lake.
Rimmer consults Holly about the white hole and she suggests firing a rocket into a nearby sun a causing a solar flare to knock a planet into the hole, rather like playing billiards with the planets.
Roger seeks Fonzie's advice regarding his love life, Joanie and Chachi write a song for their band, Potsie tries to get into the Leopard Lodge, and Marion is the lead in her theater group's musical.
Stardate 5431.4, The Enterprise is intercepted by a starship of unknown design and a woman from the ship beams directly into the bridge and uses a device to render the Enterprise's crew unconscious.
Suffering from writer's block, Gabrielle tells Aphrodite about her day in which a depressed God shrunk her and Argo and how she attempted to correct the situation before a very moody Xena caught on.
The Doctor takes the Examiner's place in order to investigate his murder, but soon discovers that the alien capsule is far more significant, for it contains dormant Daleks which Lesterson has woken.
But Xena has problems of her own to battle through first, a young punk wants to kill her to make his reputation, and she's been blinded, permanently, if she doesn't get the proper treatment in time!
When Reyes uses numerology to connect the murders of several women to an obsessed serial killer, she and Scully become trapped with a mysterious checker-playing man who may or may not be the killer.
While tackling his first X-File case about a series of gruesome murders surrounding a bat-like creature, Doggett quickly learns that his investigative techniques are somewhat dissimilar to Scully's.
Xena and Gabrielle chance upon King Ulysses on his way home to Ithaca from Troy, and when they see that Poseidon doesn't want him to get there, they do everything they can to make sure that he does.
One for the East Coast of the U.S. and one for the West Coast of the U.S. Because of this there will be two episode guides but both will carry the same production number and the same episode numbers.
Meanwhile, new surgical resident Paul Nathan, who is struggling to overcome a physical disability, tries to help in the emergency room-but his fellow doctors do not appreciate his advice to patients.
After the sheriff's younger sister comes to Cabot Cove to get away from her over-bearing husband and comes close to setting her hat for Seth, her estranged husband Elmo and his siblings come to town.
When rival circus owner Harry Kingman is found dead in his motel room, Jessica realises that the connection isn't Hank Sutter, but rather the Kingman circus, where many of the employees used to work.
When Lee's son Del brings in psychic Franchesco to perform at a dinner function to please his wife Jill, his predictions seem to start coming true, and everything takes a turn when Jill is kidnapped.
One for the East Coast of the U.S. and one for the West Coast of the U.S. Because of this there will be two episode guides but both will carry the same production number and the same episode numbers.
Jed must deal with a hostage situation in Sudan, an assisted suicide in Oregon, his son-in-law's yearn to run for the House of Representatives, and his grandson's want to spend time with his grandpa.
The arrival of a wounded Korean woman sparks a conflict at the 4077th, Hawkeye wants to heal her, but a steely ROK officer, Lt Park, is more anxious to question her about alleged guerilla activities.
The story was an amalgam of several episodes but pretty much followed the original British pilot episode The End, except that Kryten is aboard the Red Dwarf from the start and the Cat is now a woman.
Twenty-five years have passed when Xena and Gabrielle finally awake from their icy sleep, and they set out to find Xena's daughter, Eve, only to discover the world is not the same and neither is Eve.
Two months after the lockdown, a new group of med students arrives in the ER to pandemonium, caused by the closure of another city ER. Corday returns to the ER, having lost some of her beside manner.
When the CSIs agree to help out the Las Vegas Police Department's Mobile Crime Unit, they're quickly stuck with a rogues' gallery of bizarre street criminals,, and one dead body, with more to follow.
A transporter malfunction causes Captain Kirk to split into his good and evil selves, and a landing party will freeze to death if the crew is unable to find a way to merge the two Kirks back together.
After Chakotay and Tuvok are injured in a shuttle accident, a non-corporeal life form begins to wreak havoc on Voyager by infiltrating the minds of the crew and altering the ship's systems one by one.
However, he gets more than he bargained for, when the Furies, disguised as Xena, Gabrielle, and Eve, drive him insane, causing him to turn on Xena, so they can avenge the Olympians and rule the world.
The evidence found at both crime scenes,, the crowded local casino and the isolated desert convenience store where a clerk was murdered,, has the CSI team drawing a correlation between the two crimes.
Jessica heads to Moscow to publicize the translation of her novels into Russian, but after a mysterious microfilm appears in her purse after it is stolen she becomes the target of a KGB investigation.
Jessica heads to San Francisco for the wedding of her niece, Victoria Brandon, only to learn that Victoria is having second thoughts because she suspects that her fianc'e, Howard, is having an affair.
Jessica is devastated to be informed of her cousin Emma's untimely passing, but when she arrives in England she learns that Emma isn't dead after all, but has been in hiding after threats on her life.
a Bartlet photo op with Heifer International creates unexpected opportunites,, for C.J. to perfect her spin-doctoring techniques, and for the staff once again to test Will's mettle and sense of humor.
Miranda senses that someone is actively contemplating murder, and suspects Spock is envious of her once-in-a-lifetime mission, but even Miranda is unaware of the real would-be killer and their target.
Stardate: Unknown O'Brien is exposed to a small amount of radiation that allows him to shift through time several hours into the future, where he witnesses the station's destruction and his own death.
Josh gets into trouble with the religious right, and, meeting with a delegation in an attempt to smooth things over, Toby makes things worse by getting into a shouting match over the Ten Commandments.
To investigate the cost and availability of AIDS medication needed in Africa, the White House plays host to representatives of American pharmaceutical companies and the president of an African nation.
Soon after the body is revived the crew learns that the asteroid belt is the graveyard of an alien culture that transports its dead in the belief that they evolve into a higher state of consciousness.
After foolishly visiting the officer's living quarters aboard the ship before the area has been properly decontaminated, Lister wakes up with a case of pneumonia and begins to hallucinate in his sleep.
The victim was a young woman who had recently given her baby up for adoption, and Ballinger discovers a connection to a state senator who may have been willing to kill to protect his family and career.
As the crew researches a prophecy predicting the imminent arrival of a being who may have a profound impact on the world, Darla arrives at the hotel,, pregnant, angry, and looking for the daddy, Angel.
But the 4077th soon begins to act in their traditional, insane ways, the shrink experiences Max Klinger, watches the hijinks of Hawkeye and Trapper John, and witnesses the trysts of Frank and Hot Lips.
Following directions in the diary, the gang head down to deck 16 and, there, find an unnoticed stasis leak, which can be used to transport them back to the past, a short while before the crew all died.
Bartlet and Leo try to exercise their guilt about Shareef by asking Josh to add eleventh hour funding to combat infant mortality in the federal budget, and promoting peace in the Mideast, respectively.
following weeks of volatile behavior and an outburst in the Oval Office, Josh meets with representatives from the America Trauma Victims Association and finally deals with the trauma from his shooting.
Sheldon has always hated birthdays due to many bad experiences when he was younger, so the gang tries to throw him the best birthday party ever, which includes getting Adam West to appear at the party.
While the crew attempts to figure out who they are, a new first officer is planted on board, and information is planted in the ship's computer that claims the Federation is at war with another species.
Stardate: Unknown O'Brien and Bashir are captured by a group of renegade Jem'Hadar who want them to find a cure for the biological addiction to the enzyme 'Ketracel White' which they need for survival.
Two pilots were filmed after the producers replaced the actors playing Rimmer and Cat, but the series was never picked up, even with the involvement of the original creators, Rob Grant and Doug Naylor.
When Varia is unexpectedly captured by Bellerephon, the vengeful half-God son of Artemis, Gabrielle is forced to take charge by leading the Amazons to rescue Varia from Bellerophon's fortress, Helicon.
When a dead CSI officer's prints are found at the scene of a bad guy's apparent murder, the team begins to suspect that a guardian angel has been acting to protect his loved ones from beyond the grave.
When the class clown at the local high school is found murdered, the CSI team is called to investigate the student, who is also the top jock on campus, is found shot in the back in the school bathroom.
Xena is forced to bring the young Amazons to the brink of death in order to absorb their spiritual power to battle the evil shamaness Alti and free the spirits of the dead Amazons she killed years ago.
Carter takes his place as the rock of the ER. Meanwhile, Susan learns that Chloe is in rehab and Suzie is staying with Joe, Pratt matches County, and Romano operates on a girl with a genetic deficiency.
A mutilated female body is discovered tied to the undercarriage of a bus carrying prisoners from a women's correctional facility after a severed arm flies out from beneath the vehicle and strikes a car.
After firing his staff and cutting himself off from all help, Angel begins intense physical and mental training to become strong enough to stop Darla and Drusilla before they destroy the City of Angels.
While Americans innocently plan to go to sleep Tuesday night with the election results counted and a winner announced, Cartman has secretly wrestled control of the presidential election from the voters.
The police suspect Jessica's producer, Greg Dalton, of the crime after the victim planned to end the series of audio books for the blind, and one of Greg's steak knives is found to be the murder weapon.
Kochanski becomes fed up with seeing Kryten doing things for him that he could easily do with one arm and comes up with a solution, use nanobots from Kryten's self-repair system to rebuild Lister's arm.
The off-schedule order to water down the street is just the first of several clues that Columbo notes as he investigates the accidental death, and he soon figures out that Bradey is the one responsible.
Stan and Kyle become obsessed with Guitar Hero to the point where they're breaking high score records and it doesn't take long for Stan to realize that he could go even further with a different partner.
The Enterprise must deal with discorporeal cloud-like aliens who have already destroyed the inhabitants of a library planet and plan to eliminate the Enterprise crew if they cannot acquire a human host.
With little food and heat, Lister begins to open up to Rimmer to try and take his mind off the situation, including talking about Rimmer's fascination with war and when they both lost their virginities.
When an efficiency report reveals that three of Voyager's crew members are failing to meet expectations and integrate into the rest of the crew, Janeway decides to take them on their first away mission.
Xena and Gabrielle must stop Gabrielle's friend, Seraphin, from sacrificing herself to bring a Goddess back to life, but they also have to contend with Ares and Callisto, who are helping Hope be reborn.
When Potter assembles the unit in an attempt to squelch the rumor, the call comes in to bug out, and the rumor suddenly comes to life! Meanwhile, Hawkeye begins surgery on a patient with a spinal injury.
Members of both the Santos campaign and the Vinick campaign must decide how to handle a tragedy, as the voters around the country continue to cast their votes for the next President of the United States.
An electrical short thaws the last meal that was cooked by Mrs Wolowitz, and the gang ponders what to do with it, while Sheldon and Leonard's work is featured in a magazine, but only one receives credit.
Weaver travels to an accident site, where Pickman's ambulance was rammed by an SUV. She treats a pregnant stab wound, going as far as to give her a C-section in the broken ambulance, with Gallant's help.
Angel and the Host search for a physicist who they fear will cause the end of the world, but they are hampered by two Lubber demons who are seeking to subvert the scientist's work to their own dark ends.
Summoned home by a premonition of murder, the Doctor discovers a dark conspiracy at the highest levels of Time Lord society, and his oldest enemy, who poses a threat to the existence of Gallifrey itself,
Jessica persuades Seth to accept an invitation from his estranged brother Richard to a polo match, only to discover it was Richard's beautiful young wife's attempt to reunite the two quarreling siblings.
Charlie drags his feet about completing some minor graduation requirements because he's reluctant to keep his promise that he'll resign as Jed's body man to seek a better position once he has his degree.
Unfortunately Dougal has overrun the house with rabbits, and a Terry & June-style farce ensues as Ted and Dougal attempt to keep Father Jack in bed, and the ever-multiplying rabbits away from the bishop.
Phoebe can't help wondering what things would have been like if Joey and Monica ended up together, prompting an alternate-storyline flash-forward of Monica cooking lots of fried food for a very fat Joey.
Rebecca tries to impress corporate headquarters by using her marketing skills to promote Norm's one man painting business and Sam tries to keep up with a sweet young thing wild about all kinds of sports.
Season Finale, The father of the abused boy that Mark treated last week goes on a shooting rampage throughout the city, looking for anyone connected with the placing of his son in a foster care facility.
Stardate: Unknown Keiko O'Brien's teaching about the science behind the Bajoran Wormhole causes a religious uprising among the Bajoran community that threatens to destroy the Federation-Bajoran alliance.
The CSI team investigates three dead bodies that were found several blocks away from where a campaign dinner is taking place, after concluding who they think the killer is they make a shocking discovery.
Helen gives a lecture to MANA, a National Latino Organization, formerly Mexican American National Association but her heritage doesn't help her when trying to deliver part of the Santos campaign message.
After Eve tells them about a prophecy that states that the only way to restore order is to find the Cup of Perpetual Torment that bestows human life, Angel and Spike battle it out for the ultimate prize.
With Grissom away, Warrick is in charge for the first time as the team investigates the murder of the con artist, who has run off with some tourists' money only to get shot and killed in the parking lot.
When Mulder takes some outrageous leaps to convince the girl's parents that she will be found, Scully fears that Mulder is becoming too personally involved with the case because of his sister's abduction.
While looking into Julia's murder, Jessica realises that she has two completely different criminals on her hands, and someone tampered with the scene of Julia's murder to make it look like something else.
As the CSI's continue their search for and discover the identity of the Miniature Killer, Grissom and Sara's relationship gets exposed to the rest of the team as she goes missing during the investigation.
Concern arises over the medical board's decision on Abbey's actions in treating Jed's M.S.. Sam tries to get a Senator he doesn't like to pass a bill for a super-conducter that he doesn't even understand.
Every year Lister sends himself a Father's Day card to celebrate the fact that he is his own father, but when Rimmer points out he's been a lousy father to himself Lister decides to do something about it.
Jessica gets involved when her niece, Victoria, is believed to be connected to the murder of her lecherous boss, who had been trying to barter more than just Victoria's advertising skills to a new client.
Two new staff members are introduced, Luka Kovac, a Croatian doctor moonlighting in the ER. and Cleo Finch, a pediatric resident in the ER. The ER is thrown into chaos when a patient pulls the fire alarm.
Stardate: Unknown While examining the mysterious deaths of the entire crew on board the Starship Tsiolkovsky, the crew of the Enterprise is infected with a touch-transmitted virus that lowers inhibitions.
The 4th grade is doing their own version of Helen Keller's story, but when they're told the kindergarteners are putting on a Thanksgiving extravaganza, they decide to turn their production into a musical.
The Doctor, Rose and Mickey return to 2007 after the TARDIS malfunctions, but discover that they arrived in an alternative timeline, where Earth is a fascist society and Rose's parents are still together.
When a vicious motorcycle gang escapes from prison and attempts to exact revenge on the Rangers, Walker must decide whether to help stop this new threat, or be by Alex's side for the birth of their child.
When the crew of Voyager investigate a cluster of space-borne life forms, Kes prematurely enters a stage in her life known as the Elogium . This is the only time in her life when she can conceive a child.
While evaluating a Trill initiate for the first time, Lieutenant Dax accidentally discovers a proto-universe whose rapid expansion threatens not only the station, but the entire Alpha Quadrant and beyond.
Desperate to get Chachi on the school's basketball team, a scout for Eastern Florida University offers him a scholarship and several other superfluous perks including a cheerleading scholarship for Joanie.
The TARDIS lands in the woods near Devesham Space Centre, and mysteries abound, soldiers rise from the grave, men lost in deep space are alive and well, and the entire population behaves very oddly indeed.
Joxer, Meg and Autolycus team up to steal the infamous key that's prophesied to lead to the crown of Athena, the joke is on Autolycus when he learns the key is really a baby and Meg wants to be his mother.
Columbo isn't the only problem Alex has, his producer is cancelling his film due to cost overruns and missed deadlines, and his secretary has figured out he had the brother killed and resorts to blackmail.
Mulder obtains what could be the original and uncut MJ documents containing information about the government's knowledge of extraterrestrial life, which could lead him closer to the truth than ever before.
At the same time, Philip and Lydia de Kooning are trying to make a deal in diamonds, and when Philip turns up dead after Jessica gets a note supposedly from him, Jessica is the prime suspect in his murder.
After a decades-long journey to reach the Alpha Quadrant, Admiral Kathryn Janeway makes a bold decision to change the past in an attempt to undo the toll taken on the crew during their arduous journey home.
After seeing an auditorium presentation on the dangers of smoking, and in some ways, not smoking, the boys light up behind the school and are soon caught in the middle of Rob Reiner's Anti-Tobacco campaign.
Armed with an amulet they know nothing about, a scythe which holds the key to the Slayer line, and magicks which they may not be able to control, they prepare to face the assembled armies of the First Evil.
Angel feels isolated, obsolete and even a bit jealous when Groosalugg arrives in town from Pylea, immediately saves the gang in battle, and is welcomed into the loving arms of his former princess, Cordelia.
Reunited, Mulder and Scully travel to a secret vault inside a mine and find an elaborate filing system of medical records which reveals that Mulder's sister may not have been the first choice for abduction.
England, 1215. With the historic signing of the Magna Carta supposedly only days away, the Doctor is startled to find King John apparently intent on provoking civil war, and seemingly in two places at once,
Fonzie receives a good citizenship award from the Milwaukee Chamber of Commerce, but the ceremony is interrupted by a disgruntled childhood classmate of the Fonz who's been waiting 17 years for his revenge.
They are able to retrieve the original Holly and he explains that the nanobots had deconstructed Red Dwarf, created their own miniscule version of the ship and turned the rest into a planet for safekeeping.
On a planet doomed to destruction, Kirk, Spock & McCoy become involved with two aliens who use them as laboratory animals in a bizarre series of tests on an alien empath who may be the savior of her planet.
Picard is mortally wounded, and arrives in the afterlife, only to be welcomed by Q. Picard regrets decisions he had made earlier in his life that led to his eventual death, and Q offers him a second chance.
Stardate 45944.1 Picard is struck by an energy beam from an alien probe, which renders him unconscious and places him in the life of a citizen on the planet Kataan, with his memory of the Enterprise intact.
The Time Lords divert the Doctor, Sarah and Harry to this war-torn world, and give the Doctor a mission, the evil of the Daleks is about to be born here, and the Doctor is to avert or change their creation.
But when she starts hearing strange voices, seeing things fly across the room, and waking up at night with her bed levitating off the floor, Cordy must decide how much the perfect apartment is really worth.
Kirk must find a way to get a message to Spock and McCoy, who are working on a cure for the mystery ailment, as well as stirring up fighting among the Scalosians, before they have control of the Enterprise.
While Toby is in California working on Sam's campaign, Josh drops Abbey's agenda in favor of political expediancy, Jed deals with a military hostage situation, and Will runs his intern writing staff ragged.
While Voyager is docked at a space station, Seven of Nine is approached by three former Borg drones from her former unimatrix, who, despite being free from the Collective, are neurally linked to each other.
A retired policeman decides to re-examine an old case he never solved in which Seth was a strong suspect and returns to the lakeside cabins where the murder occurred, gathering all the old suspects together.
His 'long distance' approach makes apprehension difficult-and complicating Scully and Mulder's investigations further in his habit of digesting his dates, making it nearly impossible to identify his victims.
However, they are captured by the Jem'Hadar and imprisoned in the same cell as Enabran Tain, General Martok, and the real Julian Bashir, who had been secretly replaced several weeks prior without any notice.
As more and more of the crew begin suffering from mysterious ailments with each passing hour, Seven of Nine assists the Doctor in learning who or what is causing them, and more importantly, how to stop them.
Monica, Rachel, and Phoebe read a female empowerment book, Be Your Own Windkeeper, which has even more detrimental effects on their relationships with each other than it does on their relationships with men.
Toby meets with World Trade Organization protesters, and CJ meets with a group of cartographers who want the standards for maps changed to be a more accurate reflection of geographical and political reality.
Mulder is arrested for investigating the plane crash and interfering with a military operation, while Scully is caught in an attempted assassination of Corporal Frish which claims the life of Agent Pendrell.
Mulder is called to a hostage situation involving Duane Barry, a former FBI Agent who claims to be an alien abductee and wants to get back to the abduction site with someone who will be taken instead of him.
Its two occupants, a man named Bennett and a young girl called Vicki, are living in fear of a creature called Koquillion, a native of Dido possibly responsible for murdering other members from the spaceship.
The Doctor, Vicki, Barbara and Ian are enjoying a quiet holiday and have been in Rome for a month now but Vicki is getting bored and when the Doctor offers to take her on a trip to Rome, she happily accepts.
The King, weary of the fighting, knights Ian and sends him to the Sultan Saladin's court, to negotiate Barbara's release and offer the hand of the King's sister in marriage to the Sultan's brother, Saphadin.
The two forensic teams come back together under the leadership of Grissom and Catherine just in time to tackle three separate investigations, a murdered couple found in bed in a suspicious trailer explosion.
After questioning the family the agents learn that they believe a mythical creature is responsible for the death and before long Mulder and Scully are on the trail of a mythical beast known as El Chupacabra.
Cassandra runs to Mulder's apartment and demands that he shoots her because she is the culmination of 50 years work, a living alien/human hybrid, and colonisation will begin if the aliens find out about her.
While arranging a Game of Thrones viewing party for the gang, a small disagreement between Leonard and Sheldon turns into a major deal and ends up with part of the group at Leonard's and the rest at Penny's.
While everyone is complaining about the record cold snap, Charles becomes the most unpopular man in camp, when his parents send him a winter-ized polar suit that he insists on flaunting in front of everyone.
While on a mission to retrieve an amulet before a powerful demon can use it to restore his strength, Faith introduces Buffy to her reckless method of slaying which leaves Buffy wanting more of the wild life.
Widespread panic is caused in a small community after numerous deaths are linked to killer cockroaches and a government agricultural agency is discovered to have set up a secret experiment involving insects.
A series of prison breaks bring Agents Mulder and Scully face to face with Scully's former kidnapper, Donnie Pfaster, as Scully is forced to question her faith and confront the clash of morality and religion.
After Beverly Gareth is electrocuted in her bath, Cabot Cove is flooded with poison pen letters which proves hard for the town to handle as Amos prepares to hand the reins over to a new sheriff, Harry Pierce.
Buffy is determined to have a traditional, home-cooked Thanksgiving dinner, but Xander has come down with a debilitating mystical disease, and people connected to the Cultural Center start dying mysteriously.
At Ares' request, Xena is judged by the Furies for not avenging the murder of her father and is punished by persecution and madness, leaving Gabrielle to try and solve the problem and reverse Xena's insanity.
Toby and Kate head the protocol negotiations with the Chinese over the arrangements for the upcoming summit, which is jeopardized when Jed mistakenly accepts a Taiwanese flag at the National Prayer Breakfast.
he misunderstands when she tells him she gives people massages and stuff . The gang all consider what five celebrities would be on their freebie list, -people they can sleep with without anyone getting upset.
Lister has women trouble when he gets himself in a love triangle with Snack Dispensers 23 and 34, then to make matter worse gets a letter from an old girlfriend telling him she's pregnant and it might be his.
In the form of flashbacks, we learn that Ross had been going through a sexual dry spell and Joey gave him help in the form of a seductive story to tell his date, Kristen, about back-packing in western Europe.
On Deep Space Nine, Ezri must deal with the different reactions of the crew to her presence, Kira tries to be friendly, Quark flirts with her, Worf wants nothing to do with her, and Sisko is happy to see her.
The A-Team is called in to find an accountant's daughter who has become a pawn in a game between two rival mobsters, but with the interference of the A-Team the gangland war spreads out, endangering everyone.
A baby is found buried alive in shallow ground and appears to have birth defects resulting from generations of inbreeding, leading Mulder and Scully to a reclusive family who have a history of inbred children.
Xena doesn't want to play, but Ares makes it interesting by magically trapping all three in a jungle, though Xena and Gabrielle have been merged into one person, one present during the day, the other at night.
back at the White House, Josh tries to dissuade a gay Congressman who supports legislation banning same-sex marriages and Leo gets divorce papers, which causes Margaret to worry that he may fall off the wagon.
After they return from England after their Antarctic ordeal, Chase tries to eliminate the Doctor and Sarah Jane, but they escape and track him down at his estate, where he is preparing to open the Krynoid pod.
Grady and Donna try to look forward to their upcoming wedding, but constant mentions of Donna's high school sweetheart Wilfred and the murder of the abrasive housekeeper put a definite damper on the happy day.
New rumors about Fidel Castro's health cause the President to re-examine the economic sanctions against Cuba that haven't worked for 40 years, and he sends Leo McGarry to meet secretly with the Cuban dictator.
Still upset about having given up on his dream as a screenwriter and having to pretend to be happy all of the time, Richie takes out his frustrations on everyone around him, including punching Fonzie in a bar.
Upset that the rest of the family is watching a football game instead of helping her prepare the Thanksgiving dinner, Marion reminds them of the meaning of the holiday with the story of the first Thanksgiving.
When Gabrielle is kidnapped by Manus, the High Priest of the Dream God Morpheus, Xena learns that the only way she can rescue Gabrielle is to enter the realm of the dreamscape, and face the demons of her past.
While going through Kochanski's personal things, Lister finds a photograph of the two of them getting married, an event which clearly never happened, Lister gets to thinking about how this picture could exist.
Buffy Summers is the Slayer, but after being expelled from her old high school for burning down the gym, it was full of vampires she just wants to forget about her destiny and be a normal sixteen-year-old girl.
Lucy desperately tries to find a way for a young woman to receive a new heart in order to stay alive, going to Romano's house in the middle of the night to find the only doctor qualified to perform the surgery.
But when surgery is delayed, will Luka put his trust in a risky procedure that might save her life? Sam makes a life-altering decision, while Neela's first conference presentation doesn't go exactly as planned.
Several kidnappings of young women linked by distorted photographs lead Mulder and Scully to a man who can imprint his darkest fantasies onto undeveloped film and is trying to save the women from the 'Howlers'.
Stardate: Unknown The crew is shattered by the apparent death of Data in a shuttle explosion, and they're prevented from carrying out a detailed investigation when Starfleet gives them orders for a new mission.
The Daleks pursue the Doctor and his companions across the galaxy to get it back, and in the course of the flight the Trojan handmaiden Katarina gives her life to help the Doctor escape from a vicious criminal.
The school counselor, Mr Mackey, lectures Mr Garrison's class on how drugs are bad . He passes around some marijuana so the kids will know how it smells, but the sample gets lost and the school fires Mr Mackey.
and two bodies found baked and decomposed after spending five days in the trunk of a car exposed to the hot Vegas sun, forcing the CSIs to wrap up the evidence and bring it back to the lab for further analysis.
Winchester's morale has already reached a new peak, He's ecstatic about his operation on a wounded soldier, Sheridan, which saved the boy's leg, leaving only negligible side effects, less use of his right hand.
These Klingons left the Alpha Quadrant over 80 years earlier, in search of a savior who would one day lead them to a new homeworld, and their leader believes that Tom and B'Elanna's unborn child is this savior.
When Vedek Bareil is critically injured during negotiations, the only thing that will keep him alive long enough to complete the meetings is a radical operation that will turn him into a half-man, half-machine.
After freezing in the face of danger, a confused Gabrielle returns home to Potidaea, where she receives a not-so-warm welcome from her townspeople, who have hired a so-called warrior to save them from a warlord.
After the body of a decapitated EMT disappears from the morgue and an identical man starts work at the same hospital, Mulder believes that the man has the ability to regrow parts of his body, including his head.
As Mulder investigates a missing person case with a key feature being a menacing raven, he learns to enjoy the creature comforts of a well-tended home while Scully must tough it out on an uncomfortable stakeout.
when Pike learns that the local Squire is the head of a smuggling ring, he decides to impersonate a smuggler, learn the location of the smugglers' hoard, and then kill them all and acquire the goods for himself.
Buffy receives an acceptance to Northwestern University, but what should be a happy surprise turns sour when she realizes that she may not be able to go away to school and still fulfill her duties as the Slayer.
Face returns to his orphanage for a reunion and meets an old friend's sister, who's worried about her brother's disappearance, and an old girlfriend, who is in cahoots with Fulbright to trap Face for the reward.
After partying all night long while Holly and Hilly fix the Hop Drive they wake up to find Lister has accidentally slept with his opposite, who tells him that in their universe, the men give birth to the babies.
In a seemingly futuristic world, the Doctor wakes up in the Big Brother house during an eviction, Rose wakes up on the Weakest Link with the Anne-Droid, and Captain Jack gets a make over with Trin-E and Zu-Zana.
Before they return, Lister accidentally sits on the implant but the crew cannot figure out who is controlling him until Cat shoots at a cupboard which emits a faint giggle, as Lister's Bad counterpart falls out.
Santos is working on campaign strategy, Ellie's getting married, Abbey is welcoming guests, Bartlet's making jokes, China and Kazahkstan are about to go to war, Carol makes an appearance, and Josh may get fired.
Stardate: Unknown Picard, Doctor Crusher, and Data are placed in great danger when the holodeck malfunctions while they are running a Dixon Hill private detective program, which pits them against 1940s mobsters.
When Xena is summoned to the distant kingdom of Chin to kill the Green Dragon, a task she left undone years before, she tells Gabrielle about her past in Chin in an attempt to justify why she must commit murder.
Aboard the Jupiter Mining Corporation vessel Red Dwarf, Dave Lister, a lowly 3rd Technician, smuggles aboard a cat and is consequently confined to suspended animation for a severe violation of ship's regulations.
After passing make-up health exams and getting permission for Fonzie to participate, the guys arrange for aspects of the graduation ceremony to be sped up in order to accommodate the inclusion of Fonzie's speech.
An ambassador from Suari and his code clerk kill the chief of security in an attempt to make it look like the chief was a traitor, who blew up the legation safe and stole lb600.000 on behalf of a dissident group.
Angel directs Cordelia and Wesley to investigate the mysteriously abandoned Hyperion Hotel, and as they piece together the building's dark history, they discover that his interest is more personal than he let on.
Angel learns of the impending visit of one of Wolfram & Hart's demonic Senior Partners, and he plans to use the visit to launch a kamikaze mission to the beast's home dimension to take on evil at its very source.
At the Texas Ranger Hall of Fame, Walker relates for visiting students how Old-West bounty-hunter Hayes Cooper tried, but ultimately failed, to protect the Wilson family from a land baron who coveted their ranch.
Tish, Martha's sister, works for a Professor Lazarus, who claims he , will change what it means to be human . The family, plus the Doctor, visit his presentation, in which he uses a manipulator to become younger.
The circumstances of Fred's death come into question, and as Team Angel tries to figure out who is responsible they begin to fear that their leader has become corrupted by the power Wolfram & Hart have given him.
18 months later, Lister takes he and Kochanski's child, and puts him in a box, writing Ouroboros on it, so it would remind himself of the sign when the child got to be him, and he would bring back his child, etc,
Pilot, A typical day filled with traumas packs the ER. Under pressure from his wife, Chief Resident Doctor Mark Greene considers leaving County to join a private practice that would give him a much higher salary.
Rebecca and Sam both have mixed emotions as they face the fact that Robin Colcord, after proposing to Rebecca, is arrested for insider trading based on information supplied by the once and future owner of Cheers.
Stopped by a roadblock on their way to an FBI convention in Florida, Mulder and Scully find themselves stranded in the woods with a deadly predator, who seems to be responsible for the disappearance of three men.
Xena and Gabrielle spend a day trying to save two villages, one from a band of thugs, the other from a giant, while getting on each other's nerves and trying to fend off the amorous advances of a lovesick farmer.
A Pah'wraith, evil entities who are enemies of the Bajoran Prophets possesses and impersonates Keiko, but reveals her identity to Miles, threatening to kill her if he doesn't carry out her mysterious instructions.
The Emohawk hides on Starbug and attacks Rimmer and Cat, taking Rimmer's bitterness and the Cat's coolness, turning them into Ace Rimmer, see ep 4x5, Dimension Jump and Dwayne Dibbley, see ep 5x6, Back to Reality.
Jessica is in the wrong place at the right time to help her friend Dorian Beecher when he is accused of a murder he didn't commit after Nate Findley, his primary rival for Sarah Dupont's affections, is found dead.
Jessica's vacation in Ireland is nearly ruined when her friends start dying, and soon this curse of death seems to spread to the other townsfolk as well while one person fights to keep a decades old secret buried.
Scully, along with the Lone Gunmen, surmise that the Bounty Hunter is trying to erase all evidence of abductions and they realize that he may be going after Gibson Praise, who is now living at a school in Arizona.
But when Jessica and Amos head back to the dig site, they find there's another body there! Jessica not only has to find out who killed Wheatley, she has to help an old friend when his past comes back to haunt him.
Rimmer chases them down the corridor with his hex vision and, thanks to the luck virus injected into Lister, Kryten manages to turn Rimmer off and restore him to his previous, uninfected and sane, if dull self, ..
This documentary special interspersed clips from several episodes in the series with interviews of former occupants of the real West Wing, including Presidents Ford, Carter and Clinton and members of their staffs.
When Chief O'Brien accidentally triggers an old anti-insurgency program left behind by the Cardassians, the station's computers believe that the crew is a mob of rebelling Bajorans and takes steps to contain them.
When an FBI cadet with amazing profiling skills approaches Doggett, Reyes and Scully with a lead on a suspect in a series of recent murders, he claims the same killer is responsible for the death of Doggett's son.
When the Amazons and a lovesick-for-Gabrielle Draco clash over possession of Terpsichore's enchanted, golden lyre, Xena holds a battle of the bands contest in the musical capital of Greece to decide who'll get it.
He believes that this proves that his people, the Voth, evolved on Earth and migrated to the Delta Quadrant millions of years ago, but his government is not as willing to believe his interpretation of the evidence.
Cahill programs a robot to take his place during a war game exercise that he runs from an isolated room, then fakes a hit-and-run accident on Nichols and plants evidence to make it look like a drug theft gone awry.
Lister tries to get Kryten to stop, as he and Rimmer are in the middle of an appeal against their sentences, but Kryten plays a trick on them, getting them to mistakenly trash Ackerman's quarters live on Krytie TV.
When the new hand begins acting strangely, Lindsey becomes suspicious, and when he runs into Angel and the gang researching body parts that seem to be turning on their owners, he must make a life-altering decision.
Hawkeye gets an old friend, and plastic surgeon, to visit the camp, promising him a nurse called The Barracuda . They put together an elaborate scheme to perform the operation without Frank or Margaret finding out.
Rimmer, Lister, Cat, Kryten and Kochanski have been sentenced to two years in 'The Tank' on secretive Floor 13, for stealing a Blue Midget and abusing confidential information during their trial in virtual reality.
Scully and her Catholic faith must confront the loss of her daughter Emily when she is asked to help a family whose adopted daughter was found dead in a position that looked like she was struck down by God himself.
She decides that Stan should get it while he's young, so she convinces the other parents to get all of them infected by sending Stan, Cartman, and Kyle to Kenny's house for a sleep over, since Kenny already has it.
Stardate: Unknown The Enterprise is flung across space into a distant galaxy over 2,700,000 light years away when a propulsion engineer, and his mysterious companion, attempt to re-design the ship's engine systems.
While Xander's screwed up human family go head to head with Anya's demon friends, an unexpected guest approaches Xander to warn him that his life with Anya may not turn out to be the married bliss he has hoped for.
The female warrior Callisto tries to turn the world against Xena by committing acts of terrorism in her name, while Xena struggles to reclaim her true identity and discover why this angry young woman is doing this.
The team investigates the murder of Jason, a troubled computer geek working at a low-level casino support industry job who lures a colleague, Paulie, into a dangerous plan to make a working stiff's dream come true.
When Mulder and Scully try to discover what unseen force may have driven a scientist to commit suicide, they turn up a laboratory where extreme genetic experimentation has bred subjects possessing dangerous powers.
Meanwhile, Buffy, Giles and the rest of the crew engage in a furious battle with the Sisterhood of Jhe, an all-female demon apocalypse cult that intends to reopen the Hellmouth and bring about the end of the world.
When the rest of the crew get back on Red Dwarf, Rimmer forces them to stay in quarantine, to prevent his getting the disease off them but he is already infected, and so goes insane, locking them in without oxygen.
Basically the same thing as Secrets to the X-Files, the episode shows the past highlights including Scully's abduction and Mulder's sister, and new ones from Season 3. There's a brief segment of clips from Season 3.
Going into the research center, they find the Doctor in stasis only to discover that she has contracted a holovirus that has driven her insane, but has given her extraordinary powers like hex vision and telekinesis.
As Grissom, Nick and Sara investigate the seemingly clear-cut murder case, Grissom questions the simplicity of the evidence when he discovers that the suspect burying the victims is the brother of a convicted felon.
After forcing Lister and Cat to work for their food and taking control of Rimmer's body for a regimen of exercises, the gang begin to appreciate Holly once more and set about devising a way to rid the ship of Queeg.
One of Jessica's former students is murdered and she takes a personal interest in the investigation and finds herself at the heart of a family feud while taking a look into the company that Grady is working for now.
Ross is in such denial about this that to prove them wrong he goes to his lawyer, Russell to take care of the annulment, but finds that it's more complicated than expected, and Rachel will have to be told the truth.
The rest of the day finds her comforting a woman who has suffered a miscarriage, getting locked out on the roof, having Carol bail her out on a simple procedure, and trying to figure out Kerry Weaver's Tour on Tape.
Sheldon has Penny as a guest on a Fun with Flags episode and she gets him to attend her acting class' presentation of A Streetcar Named Desire . Raj drops out after Lucy unexpectedly leaves their first get together.
The Lone Gunmen call Mulder and Scully to a Virtual Reality development lab where they learn that one of the program testers was killed inside the computer generated game environment by the digital image of a woman.
When the Doctor's singing talents are discovered by a technologically superior race, his new found popularity makes him consider resigning his commission to stay on the alien world with his millions of adoring fans.
When the sacred Urn of Apollo is stolen, a brash teenage girl with a dislike for Gabrielle joins Xena on the quest to return it, and tries to convince the Warrior Princess that she would make a far better companion.
With the help of Amy, who is experimenting with her mother's magickal tricks, he puts a love spell on her which goes horribly wrong, turning him into every woman's desire, everyone's except the one who matters most.
After encountering a piece of Borg technology known as a Vinculum which connects drone's minds together, Seven of Nine begins exhibiting the personalities of people that she assimilated as a member of the collective.
Rimmer asks that the last four days be erased from everyone's memory and that they bury the black box so none of them will know his . Lister and Cat receive the broken legs when they drop the headstone on themselves.
As company clerk Radar O'Reilly reluctantly prepares to depart the 4077th, the unit is still without electricity due to a broken generator, and the operating room continues to fill up with war wounded as night falls.
For centuries the alien Krotons have hidden inside their Machine in the Hall of Learning, educating a small settlement of Gonds and selecting the two best students of each graduating class to become their Companions.
In the midst of Hawkeye being considered, much to his distaste, for the position of a general's personal physician, Radar becomes a surrogate father to a Korean woman and her baby, until the baby's GI father returns.
While trying to diagnose his mother's condition, Mark decides that he and Cynthia have no future together and tries to come to terms with his seemingly distant father, and learns why he was never promoted to Admiral.
Seven hundred years into the future, The Doctor must defend himself, and the memory of the crew of Voyager, when an alien species claims that the Warship Voyager was responsible for war crimes committed against them.
When Xena defends the Fate's temple, they give her the gift of changing the past, her brother Lyceus never died and she never became the warrior princess, but that also means she never rescued Gabrielle from slavers.
And how could the poison that killed him enter an unopened bottle without the killer even being in the room? Could it have been suicide? But then there's the cheques to a mysterious society, and the victim's calender.
A parody of VH1's Behind the Music series, this show combined a slew of live-action interview segments with actual rock stars amongst cartoon clips of Chef as he discusses his career and with some clips from Chef Aid.
At first her newfound ability is useful for cheating on schoolwork and eavesdropping on the thoughts of those around her, but when the voices continue to flood her mind, she realizes that she cannot control the power.
As Captain Janeway is forced to reflect on the choice she made stranding her crew in the Delta Quadrant, little does she know, she will face a similar decision when Voyager ends up in the middle of a serious conflict.
In the midst of a crisis involving preventing an asteroid moon from colliding with a populated planet, the Calamarian starts attacking the Enterprise while seeking revenge on a powerless Q who has requested sanctuary.
Stardate: Unknown While the Enterprise helps a Romulan science vessel, an accident occurs which forces Geordi LaForge and Ro Laren slightly out of phase, causing them to become undetectable to everyone but each other.
Jeanie's estranged husband Al checks into the ER complaining of flu-like symptoms, which turn out to be caused by HIV. Shep expects Carol to back his version of events during an official investigation of his behavior.
Zaroff has provided the Atlanteans with a new source of food, has taught them how to surgically convert their slave caste into Fish People who can survive underwater, and has promised to raise Atlantis from the waves.
However, when there isn't enough of Butters' prize to go around Cartman makes a bid for his own guest spot with Maury when he talks him mom into joining him on the segment entitled, Please Help My Out of Control Child
Tortured by her memories of Hope and past misdeeds, Gabrielle visits the temple of Mnemosyne, Goddess of Memory, and must revisit her past in order to either find a way to live with her memories or erase them forever.
since there's no Vice President, the power of the Presidency passes to Bartlet's chief political rival and the most powerful Republican in the country, the Speaker of the House, who immediately takes a very hard line.
When Xena journeys to the Norse lands to stop a vicious beast she created, Gabrielle soon follows and learns of Xena's past as a Valkyrie and the crimes she committed after she made the Rheingold into a powerful ring.
and the use of their experimental flash-freezing compound that does not exist yet, has Mulder believing that one of the scientists has come from the future to stop his own scientific breakthrough from becoming reality.
A therapist working with children from abusive families is found to be implanting them with the memories of her own abuse suffered at the hands of her late father, when one of her patients tries to kill his stepfather.
While confined to his old quarters Lister is met by Rimmer and, after being disgusted that Rimmer has returned to his original smeghead self, pleads with him to help him and the others escape before they are sentenced.
In order to make a little more profit on the side and in their minds, provide a safe environment for teenagers to have a good time, the guys take it upon themselves to lower the legal drinking age at Paddy's Irish pub.
They argue about girls from their past, prompting a series of flashbacks to and their freshman year of college, including a party where Rachel, with her old nose and Monica, before she lost the weight come for a visit.
Margaret and Charlie prove to be invaluable allies as C.J. has a rough first day in her new position, made even more difficult by a Russian bearing radioactive gifts and a Defense Secretary's attempts to undermine her.
Stardate: Unknown When Bashir is knocked unconscious following an alien attack, he travels through his own mind and is helped by different aspects of his personality, each represented by a different member of the crew.
Walker soon learns that the Yakuza's true target is actually the Morell's security chief Tokada who is in fact a former Japanese cop that previously infiltrated their group years ago before Jesse helped fake his death.
When Alex's former lover, who's also the defending attorney in her current trial, turns up dead by her bed, she's accused of murder and sent to a woman's prison that's packed with inmates who hold a grudge against her.
Angel and Spike learn that Illyria is an ancient demon who existed before recorded time, and they must race to return her to an ancient demon burial ground before she kills Fred and thousands of other innocent victims.
Although Voyager is stuck in orbit only for a matter of days, from the perspective of the planet, the Skyship has been watching them for centuries, and becomes a guiding force for the development of their civilization.
When Xena recieves a cryptic message using the words of her former mentor Lao Ma, she, Gabrielle and Joxer journey to Chin, where a war is breaking out over a mysterious, destructive powder and Lao Ma's Book of Wisdom.
After receiving a Vidiian patient who is about to die from the phage, The Doctor transfers her consciousness into the ship's computer and creates a holographic body, and soon begins to develop romantic feelings for her.
Artist Max Barsini has his hands full, his wife Vanessa is always suspicious of his other models, his live-in model Julie wants to be more than just his subject, and his ex-wife Louise stills pulls at his heart strings.
As the year 2000 draws closer, the agents are up against a man from the Millennium Group who believes that he can bring about the end of the world on the 31st of December if he resurrects 4 former members from the dead.
Rachel fixates on the fact that he said my name! Chandler and Monica agree that their new relationship can only continue while they are away from home, but then have a very difficult time arranging to be alone together.
Jeremiah Smith and Mulder are on the run from the alien bounty hunter and Smith takes Mulder to a small farm tended to by identical sets of children and all the girls are clones of his sister when she was still a child.
Jessica decides to pay a visit to her long-time friend Franchesca, only to learn that Franchesca, who is now married to a much younger man, is convinced that she is being haunted by the ghost of her first husband, Ross.
Jessica must find the murderer of her close friend whose will is in contention between family and a popular evangelist and soon finds herself in the middle of a feud between different members of the evangelist's family.
Barry kills the wife in front of the girlfriend and the two of them take off on a plane for the 'perfect alibi'. They stage a fight on the plane and the 'wife' returns home where she is supposedly killed by an intruder.
Ray Langston fights for his life after being stabbed by psychopath Nate Haskell, while the other CSIs try to catch an anti-government bomber who is responsible for a series of explosions at a funeral that they attended.
Holly turns him into something like Robocop, but, inadvertently, tiny,, about 1 1/2' tall! Lister eventually defeats the Curry Monster with a can of lager, which, as he knows, is the only thing that can kill a vindaloo.
They get passed around from person to person as a gift, a gambling stake, a trade, a bribe, stolen, given up to Father Mulcahy, who gives them to Henry, who returns them to Hawkeye as thanks for taking out his appendix.
When a man's dead body turns up naked in the bed of Doc Robbins' wife, the detectives try to just work the scene without bringing their pre-judgments to the table, but it sure looks like a case of Death During Adultery.
Despite the apparent validity of the autopsy results Mulder asks her to review, Scully, for once finds herself in perfect agreement with her partner, especially when the suspect jump-starts his boss's heart-bare-handed.
A perfectly routine trip to the mainland results in Dougal almost dying from malnutrition, Mrs Doyle being chucked in the clink, Ted nearly being beaten up by Victor Meldrew, and Father Jack joining Alcoholics Anonymous.
But Sunnydale is on top of a Hellmouth a center of mystical convergence that draws evil and demonic forces and Buffy soon realizes that she will have to pick up her stakes and holy water in order to save her new friends.
After Kevin is presumed dead when a boat Amos chartered for him explodes, Cabot Cove explodes with press and paparazzi, and the citizens blame Jessica for all the problems it causes, demanding that she solve the mystery.
Stardate: Unknown A natural disaster leaves Troi in command of the Enterprise, Picard stuck in a turbo lift with three small children, and Keiko O'Brien stuck in Ten-Forward giving birth with the help of an anxious Worf.
The Doctor and Rose find themselves in an underground museum in Utah in the year 2012. The museum houses all kinds of extra-terrestrial artefacts the only living exhibit being one of the Doctor's oldest enemies, a Dalek.
In order to recover the TARDIS from the pirates, the Doctor, Zoe and Jamie must join forces with Clancey as he evades the Space Corps and tries to prove that the real leader of the pirates is the dastardly Maurice Caven.
When Buffy is admitted to hospital with a raging fever she meets Ryan, a young boy who has the same flu virus and claims that the sick children in the hospital are being persecuted by a monster that may be death himself.
When bandits steal the North Star for the Goddess Aphrodite, Xena, Gabrielle, and Joxer set out on a quest to restore the mystical diamond to the heavens and prevent the chaos that would ensue without it's guiding light.
However, the Daleks then pursue them through Time, and are joined by the Doctor and Steven's old enemy, the Meddling Monk, who realises that he's in over his head and switches sides depending upon who seems to be on top.
Xena is summoned to Japan by her friend, Akemi, who's actually a ghost, who needs her help to battle another evil soul-eating ghost named Yodoshi who plans to attack the city of Higuchi with his army of samurai warriors.
Carla and Eddie's other widow Gloria become best buddies but the friendship is threatened when Carla learns the two-timer left $50,000 in insurance and Woody worries about a nude scene when he's cast in a revival of Hair.
Despite Neil's confession to Hank Sutter's murder, Jessica is convinced that he didn't do it, and soon Neil confesses that he only said he did to protect young Charlie McCallum after finding his baseball bat at the scene.
Doug is delegated to desk duty, Carol's clinic is shut down for acquiring the P.C.A. machine for Ricky, and Greene and Weaver face future disciplinary action for not reporting Doug's tampering with the double blind study.
The Doctor attempts to thwart the plans of a group of unscrupulous scientists who threaten the Earth's destruction, and plan to use their giant robot to obtain the power they need to blackmail the world into obeying them.
In modern times, a team composed of a mysterious woman and three die-hard Xena fans use hair samples to create clones of Xena and Gabrielle and attempt to restore their memories with episode clips from the past 6 seasons.
Jessica makes an appointment with television producer Sid Sharkey when she learns he is trying to appropriate her latest novel for his television show, but when Sharkey turns up dead, Jessica is one of the prime suspects.
Mulder is less than thrilled when an Office of Professional Conduct board refuses to reassign him and Scully to The X-Files and even more so when he learns that Agent Spender and Agent Fowley have become their successors.
The Doctor, along with Martha, heads to a boarding school, to hide out from an alien race, but realize that they are needed to save the world once more when unusual events including creepy scarecrows threaten their cover.
Arriving back on the Nerva Beacon much earlier in history, the Doctor and his friends discover the satellite beset by space plague while its crew struggles to keep space traffic away from Voga, the newest moon of Jupiter.
When pieces of the spaceship beached in Africa resurface, the conspiracy within the FBI attempts to hide the information from the X-Files, especially the one person for whom the pieces have a special significance, Scully.
When several violent deaths in a small farming community are connected by the destruction of digital devices, Mulder believes that people are being driven to kill by the use of subliminal messages in the digital readouts.
When the CSIs are called to a murder scene at a familiar motel, Nick is thrown for a loop as he pieces together three separate murder investigations that all took place at the same establishment over the course of a year.
Buffy comes to Los Angeles seeking vengeance under the guise of protecting Angel from Faith's violent nature, but Buffy is shocked and hurt to discover her former love siding with her nemesis as he attempts to shelter her.
But further examination of the corpse reveals that Braun had been restrained at some point with duct tape, leading Grissom to believe that the victim was forced to ingest lethal amounts of heroin and, perhaps, other drugs.
Samuel, a slave, was killed by a mob who accused him of murdering a white plantation owner on his wedding night in 1860. Jessica's investigation reveals that she herself is a descendant of Samuel's owner, Sarah McCullough.
He discovers that the ice man has been frozen since 1996. The government wants to get him for their own experiments, but Stan and Kyle free him, so the government hires Steve Irwin, from Crocodile Hunter to track him down.
When a woman helping Scully out at home is found to be a part of the conspiracy, the agents, along with Monica Reyes and Alex Krycek, know they must protect Scully and her baby from Billy Miles and get her out of the city.
Stardate: Unknown A nervous and insecure officer, Lt Reginald Barclay, places the Enterprise in great danger when he neglects his duties in Engineering, and instead spends his time acting out his fantasies on the holodeck.
Josh and Donna disagree about the date of their anniversary . Sam and Ainsley argue about the necessity of the ERA. staffers struggle to punch-up the speech the President will give at the White House Correspondents Dinner.
While shaving, Lister watches himself accidentally cutting himself in the mirror and Rimmer rushing up behind him, then a few seconds later he does cut himself and yells for Rimmer, but dismisses what he saw in the mirror.
But her words contain interesting echoes of President Bartlet's original health plan, which is known only to White House insiders, and reporter Greg Brock suspects that Rafferty is being secretly supported by the incumbent.
Needing one of the senior officers to deactivate it, Kryten introduces them to a mind-swap, which involves implanting another crew-members brain, via a disc on which all of their brain patterns were kept into Lister's body.
Meanwhile, a train pulls into the Sunnydale station with every passenger slaughtered by a ravening vampire, and Buffy is finding it hard to concentrate on the investigation while simultaneously fending off Spike's advances.
Grissom and Sara are called to the crime scene when two murder victims are found hidden in pipes at a construction site in the middle of an alfalfa field, while Catherine and Nick investigate an ostensible hunting accident.
In this special Matt and Trey stood in front of a waterfall and introduced Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut and Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut as being named by Comedy Central as the most notorious episodes of the series.
The TARDIS is in need of repair, but when the Doctor tries to track down an old friend for help he finds himself crossing paths with the sinister International Electromatix corporation, and its cold director, Tobias Vaughn.
Jamie manages to attract attention from a nearby space station, but the crew then attempt to destroy the apparently deserted rocket, and in order to save the TARDIS, Jamie must sabotage the station's asteroid defense laser.
When the bodies of a couple who have been missing for less than a week are discovered to have been reduced to bone, Mulder suggests that recent paranormal phenomena in the area may have caused the accelerated decomposition.
An online troll rips Leonard and Sheldon's published physics paper, so the guys rally to defend the two and expose the bully, while a girls night out leads to Penny, Amy and Bernadette dishing about embarrassing past events.
In the midst of a psychic sideshow while on a murder case, Mulder and Scully enlist the help of a man who may have a true psychic ability to foresee how people will die to help the agents catch a man killing fortune tellers.
Mulder and Scully, reunited at last, head for an active volcano under a geological study and find a deadly life form that can survive in the searing heat of the crater and is killing the scientists to avoid being discovered.
While on a stakeout of a Government Defence Convention in Las Vegas, The Lone Gunmen are reunited with Susanne Modeski, the mysterious woman who disappeared at a Convention ten years earlier when they first met Agent Mulder.
At the groundbreaking ceremony for a new Cultural Center at the college, Xander falls into a sacred Indian burial area and releases Hus, a vengeance spirit of the Chumash Indians, the original residents of the Sunnydale area.
Crew members are awestruck, and try to help Seven to appreciate the value of history, when a dangerous anomaly emerges from subspace, and the Voyager crew discovers it contains the remains of a 21st century manned Mars probe.
Meanwhile, Bartlet wrestles with getting a minimum wage hike passed by attaching it to a bill necessary to raise the debt ceiling, and with how to unify his party in the face of a three-way race for the Democratic nomination.
While traveling to return the enchanted Helmet of Hermes to the King of Thebes, Xena and Gabrielle rescue Genia, a virgin who is about to be sacrificed willingly by religious zealots in exchange for protection from a warlord.
As the Doctor prepares for his inevitable death at Lake Silencio, he visits a former roommate and learns that the Cybermen are responsible for a series of disappearances at a local department store and resolves to investigate.
Josh sends Donna undercover to a seminar held by one of Ritchie's advisors in an effort to expose the fortune cookie candidacy . Stackhouse comes to a momentous decision about his campaign and provides inspiration for Bartlet.
Being relieved of command of the Defiant, Sisko is placed in command of the salvaged Jem'Hadar warship they discovered several months earlier, and must destroy the main Ketracel-White production facility in the Alpha Quadrant.
Things at the water park are not what they seem when the boy's fun filled day is about to turn deadly because there are too many people peeing in the pool, which causes disaster to strike and the boys are in a race to survive.
Rachel and Phoebe talk about having backups, guys to marry if they're not married by the time they're 40. Rachel tries to line up Ross as a backup, but discovers Phoebe has already made that deal with Ross, and with Joey, too.
When several members of the Sunnydale High swim team are mysteriously skinned alive, Buffy and the gang take it upon themselves to protect the remaining members, which results in Xander revealing a side of himself rarely seen.
After an encounter in ancient Egypt, the Doctor strands the Monk on an ice planet, but the Daleks get away with the taranium core, and the Doctor uses the navigational unit from the Monk's TARDIS to pursue them back to Kembel.
Meanwhile, Eli helps Gabrielle embark on a new path and Xena, after her glimpse of her future life as a peace maker in Between the Lines, fears her warrior's actions in this life might prevent that from happening as it should.
A hologram of Reginald Barclay arrives in a data stream with plans to get Voyager home within three days, by traveling through a geodesic fold . However, the Doctor soon becomes suspicious of the holographic Barclay's behavior.
Competition between the guys increases when a slot for a tenured professor opens up and they start to schmooze the tenure committee members that include Mrs Davies from Human Resources who Sheldon has crossed paths with before.
As the celebration continues, Pratt plays an important role with a bit of panache, Morris and Hope find themselves with an opportunity they can't resist, and Neela finds herself the center of all manner of unexpected attention.
Rebel activity is causing trouble for the colony governor, an Earth Examiner has recently been murdered, and the colony scientist Lesterson is obsessed with his experiments on an alien capsule unearthed from the mercury swamps.
The gang watch on a virtual reality screen as Kryten's search for an antidote is manifested as a western setting where Kryten is a sheriff who has to fight the four horsemen of the Apocalypse, Death, War, Pestilence and Famine.
When a celebrated female fighter pilot is threatened with a dishonorable discharge for refusing to end her affair with a inferior officer, the staff, though full of opinions, agrees that the White House should not get involved.
When a drug deal goes bad, two brothers sustain serious injuries and are brought to the ER. Tensions continue between Gates and Sam, coming to a head when Tony is the last to know Alex is about to be released from the hospital.
While starting with a small community under threat, this old-fashioned, very traditional but very up-to-date Doctor Who story takes in the entire world, from New Zealand to India, Siberia to the USA, and cosmic expanses beyond.
Joey thinks the silent auction is just a contest to guess the right price, and he ends up buying a sailboat for $20,000. Rachel convinces the second-place bidder to buy it, but she also convinces Joey to keep it, in the process.
Findlay Crawford, the awardwinning composer of movie soundtracks, has a very talented apprentice, Gabriel, who wants to leave Crawford's shadow and get recognition for the music he has written but which Crawford took credit for.
Also beaming aboard is Larry Marvick, one of the original designers of the Enterprise, and hopelessly in love with Miranda, although she has chosen to spend her life serving as a liaison between the Medusans and other humanoids.
Chandler forgot to make sure the disposable cameras were gathered after the reception, so he and Ross attend another wedding at the same location, to fake the photos, including one of Chandler kissing a different brunette bride.
When a small executive jet crash lands a mile off the Strip, the CSIs wonder if it was intended as an act of terror, and to solve the case, Sara teams up with a former colleague from San Francisco with whom she still has sparks.
When Doggett and Reyes discover that Scully and her child have been put in great danger, they race to protect her and William from the evil forces pursuing him, and Scully is forced to take drastic measures to protect her child.
When Potter, Mulcahy, BJ, Frank and the others arrive at the buildings which had been scouted by helicopter, they find the house full of business girls, and Potter gives them Klinger's dresses to persuade them to leave the house.
A scutter has gone mad and rerouted the entire ships circuitry and Rimmer and Kryten can't find the self-destruct mechanism but Lister accidentally activates it when he orders a milkshake and chocolate bar from a vending machine.
After a suicide attempt and multiple murders at a military hospital, Mulder and Scully meet a quadruple amputee who has gained the power of Astral Projection and is taking out his personal frustrations on his commanding officers.
After several African-American men are killed and the color is drained from their skin, Mulder learns about the Teliko, an African folktale about a creature who must suck the pigmentation from a person's body in order to survive.
Frank hits PR trouble due to a news segment that names Wolf Cola the official drink of Boko Haram, so Dee and Dennis help manage the crisis while Charlie and Mac try to plan a way to make Fight Milk the official drink of the UFC.
Scully helps Mulder fake his own death in order for him to go undetected through the Department of Defence and find out the answers to his new questions about the government hoax concerning the existence of extraterrestrial life.
After a spot of lad's housecleaning results in Ted being mistakenly tarred as a racist, Ted holds a celebration of Chinese culture to clear his name, though 'Kung Fu Fighting' might not have been an inspired choice of soundtrack.
As the Weed steps up its attack on the base, the Doctor discovers that it's vulnerable to high-frequency sounds, and drives it off with the help of Victoria's screams, amplified by his trusty new invention, the sonic screwdriver.
General Hermack of the Space Corps vows to stop the pirates by any means necessary, and when the grizzled old prospector Milo Clancey shows up in a restricted area of space, Hermack concludes that he must be involved in some way.
The day goes from bad to worse when Joxer is killed, but when the day begins again, and again, Xena realizes she's the only one who knows what's happening and remembers the previous days, she has a second chance to change things.
While Gabrielle finds herself becoming an Amazon Princess, Xena is certain that the Centaurs are not guilty of the fatal attack and tries to root out the true culprit before the Amazons and the Centaurs declare war on each other.
After the gathering at the abduction site where everyone is killed by the rebel bounty hunters, Cassandra Spender disappears and Mulder is blamed by her son, Jeffrey, who is an up-and-coming FBI agent and opposed to Mulder's work.
An investigation into a video of an alien autopsy puts Mulder and Scully in the middle of a conspiracy involving WWII Japanese scientists brought to America to continue their experiments which may shed light on Scully's abduction.
Meanwhile, the President must make a decision before it's too late on whether to deploy a secret rescue mission to the space station, and the FBI is asked to determine who leaked the existence of the military shuttle to the press.
Diplomat Sir Reginald Styles has started seeing ghosts at his country mansion, an alarming development given the precarious international situation and his position as possibly the only man capable of stopping the Third World War.
Jessica and Seth find themselves in the middle of a mystery when a young witch seems to have appeared out of nowhere in Cabot Cove, but the same young woman soon reveals herself as the long-lost sister of Jessica's friend Mildred.
When most of the kids in Sunnydale magically become whatever they were dressed as, it is up to soldier-Xander and ghost-Willow to find a way to break the spell and defend Buffy, who is now a weak and frail 18th century noblewoman.
Chandler and Monica break the news of their live-in plans, first with Joey, who is happy for them, but sad to be losing Chandler and then to Rachel, who doesn't seem to have much of a reaction at all, until she takes it seriously.
Hawkeye and Trapper decide to hold a party filled with music, dancing, and alcohol to raise money for Ho-John's plane trip to the U.S. They achieve this by raffling off a weekend pass with a nurse, Lieutenant Dish for R&R in Tokyo.
Kyle and Cartman are fighting about who would make a better school mascot, now that the South Park Cows are considered offensive by PETA. Kyle thinks it should be a Giant Douche, while Cartman believes it should be a Turd Sandwich.
The last component they require is the power source, a core of the rare element Taranium, and Mavic Chen, the Guardian of the Solar System, intends to supply it to them and then betray them, seizing the Time Destructor for himself.
The deaths of several Chinese men found to be missing vital internal organs that were removed prior to death leads Mulder and Scully to a deadly Chinatown lottery where men wager their body parts for a chance to win a cash jackpot.
DNA testing on Emily reveals that she is actually Scully's daughter and Mulder comes to assist her and to find out where and how the girl was born while Scully tries to help Emily with her own serious illness, a rare form of anemia.
They begin to realize that Rimmer's personality is what has created the circumstances, not The Unspeakable One, and they realize they must make Rimmer feel good about himself to weaken The Unspeakable One's power so they can escape.
The emotional roller coaster that follows has Scully believing that her sister had a baby during a period when she traveled the country and she tries to adopt the child, knowing that caring for the little girl would change her life.
claiming that Abbey's ancestor was a pirate rather than a privateer, a prominent member threatens to mount a boycott of the D.A.R. dinner at which Zoey will be inducted until Will, C.J. and Amy devise a plan to defuse the situation.
A balloon traveling into the face of the wind isn't much of a clue to launch an investigation into a toddler's death, but, on their arrival, a series of bizarre events convinces Scully they're dealing with a rare form of child abuse.
After receiving treatment in sickbay, he inadvertently gains the ability to pass through rifts in time that are scattered throughout the ship, enabling him to walk into different stages of Voyager's history over the past seven years.
At the Democratic National Convention, Hoynes, Russell, Santos and Baker jockey for the 2162 votes that will give one of them the nomination for President, and the opportunity to lose to the apparently unstoppable Vinick in November.
In 1990 Agent Fox Mulder visits an aging FBI Agent Arthur Dales and listens to a story of the agents assigned to a would-be X-File in the Cold War era of the 1950's and how Mulder's father was connected to a series of strange deaths.
Lister inspects the pod and begins the thawing process, which Rimmer objects to, saying that there were two survivors aboard the ship, Ms Bellini and a Simulant prisoner, Simulants are droids who are noted to be murderous and insane.
The edge of the known universe, in the year 37,166. The Morestran crew believe the Doctor and Sarah Jane are responsible for the deaths of their personnel, but the Doctor warns that a greater danger threatens them and all the galaxy.
Lister belatedly discovers this,, too late to stop Confidence from foolishly trying to convince, by demonstration to Lister, that he, Confidence can breathe in space, with the end result of Confidence exploding into a billion pieces.
in an effort to redefine Abbey's image with the press, C.J. sets her up to do a public service announcement with the Muppets, which inspires Ellie to stand up before the press in defense of scientific research unhampered by politics.
When a new murder leads to a connection with an infamous serial killer, Grissom secretly joins the class of well-known criminal pathologist Doctor Raymond Langston, Fishburne, to gain access to the killer and get a crack in the case.
Xena and Gabrielle set out to recover a young girl who was kidnapped six years ago by the Horde, but they don't count on the fact that the child has been raised as one of the Horde and doesn't want to leave the only family she knows.
He creates a media uproar and a public relations nightmare for the hospital when he openly questions the safety of the drug, which happens to have been recommended by the girl's neurologist, George Henry, a former student of Carter's.
After Gabrielle sacrificed herself to stop Hope, a grief-stricken Xena must travel to the Amazon Land of the Dead to find Gabrielle, and Xena takes a trip down memory lane to her evil past at the side of Borias and the shamaness Alti.
After an overdose of floor polish, Father Jack finally bites the dust, and Ted and Dougal discover they've been left a fortune in his will, providing they allay his fear of being buried alive by spending a night with him in the crypt.
At her home in New York, desk manager Richie enlists Jessica's help when Alice Morgan, a reclusive young woman living in the apartment complex, begins to see the man she believes killed her mother Lillian five years ago on television.
Tracing the origin of this link to an accident eight years before, in which they and Seven were the only survivors, the three former drones believe Seven is the only one who can help them sever the link and achieve true individuality.
There they are reunited with K'ao Hsin and must deal with threat in the vision, the warlord Khan, who has the recipe for the black powder, due to his collaboration with the evil spirits of Pao Ssu and Ming T'ien, aka The Green Dragon.
After being poisoned by a demon, Buffy comes to believe that she is confined to a mental hospital, her mother is alive, her parents are still together, and that her life as a Slayer has all been an hallucination for the past six years.
When Bartlet and Leo clash over the appropriate response to the Gaza attack, Kate makes the case for a summit meeting, and provides Bartlet with the hook he needs to get the Israelis and Palestinians to sit down together at Camp David.
Scully frantically searches for a way to help her ailing partner without having anyone to turn to for help, while a catatonic Mulder's dreams lead him away from his mission and the X-Files to a place which he believes is a better life.
The CSI team investigates two unusual cases, one involving the suspicious death of a go-cart racer who took his hobby to the highway and paid the price with his life, and a murder at a hip new restaurant where patrons dine in the dark.
Steven, meanwhile, falls in with a group of Huguenots who fear that the Catholics are plotting against them, but when Steven recognises the Abbot of Amboise as the Doctor, his Huguenot friends conclude that he's part of the conspiracy.
He argues with Pratt over the treatment of a pregnant woman who doesn't want her premature baby to receive life-saving treatment, as well as with Romano, who wants more tests ordered on patients so that the hospital can make some money.
In the Tenth Doctor's final episode, an ancient trap decends upon the Earth and the Doctor and Wilf must fight alone, even as the prophecy states he will knock four times . With the Time Lords returning, how does this Doctor's story end?
Whether that's because as Mulder suspects, Aliens are 'harvesting'' the young or, as Scully insists, an animal rights group determination to close down the zoo, the only reliable witness appears to be a hand-signing gorilla named Sophie.
Finally, Alex falls prey to a staged scene of his own when Columbo proves his own superior ability to direct by setting up a con to get Alex to confess his crime on a movie set as the film of the accidental death shows in the background.
Sheldon and Amy host a live Valentine's Day episode of Fun with Flags, Leonard and Penny look for a way to enjoy Valentine's Day, Howard and Bernadette prepare to try out their new hot tub and Raj struggles with his feelings about Emily.
When the TARDIS disappears, and the Doctor is thus unable to present a miracle to the Greeks, he is sentenced to death, but Odysseus, intrigued by the newcomers, offers to spare the Doctor's life if he comes up with a way to end the war.
This could have something to do with the arrival of a party of alien tourists en route to Disneyland, amongst their number Mel and the Doctor, and the Queen of the Chimerons, who's fleeing the Bannermen and their genocidal leader Gavrok,
While the Doctor struggle to complete the Trilogic Game in the minimum number of moves permitted, Steven and Dodo compete against the King and Queen of Hearts to determine which one of seven chairs is safe, when the other six are lethal.
But when her powers of persuasion aren't strong enough to deter them, Yakut's spirit appears to Xena and leads her to a sacred dagger that can reveal the truth of the Amazons' origins and prevent the tribe from plunging into needless war.
After a man kills three people and his wife because he mistook them for a ruthless Bosnian dictator, Mulder and Scully discover a test involving mind control using television signals that make people's worst fears become real in any form.
After arresting the murderer of Amber-Lynn LaPierre and discovering a mass gravesite containing the bodies of dozens of missing children, a man comes to Mulder and claims to have had visions of other victims who aren't buried at the site.
Angel Investigations are made an offer they can't refuse, when a newly opened Wolfram and Hart give them the opportunity to work there, allowing them access to every secret file and rewarding Angel with a file on the Sunnydale apocalypse.
It's been five years since Amy Pond last traveled with the Doctor, and when he lands in her garden again, on the eve of the birth of her first child, she finds herself facing a heartbreaking choice, one that will change her life for ever.
Mulder's dreams help him in finding the body of a little girl which re-opens one of his old cases in the Violent Crimes Unit and leads him to believe the killer he captured had more victims and may have taken his sister many years before.
Over 3,000,000 years ago in the Aigbuth Arms pub, a box with a baby inside was placed under a pool table with just the word Ouroboros written on the side, . Returning to the present day, the crew come across a wormhole between dimensions.
While the Doctor and Ben try to find a way to escape and help their new friends, Polly and Kirsty MacLaren, whose father has been kidnapped by Grey, blackmail an English officer into helping them locate their kidnapped friends and family.
When half the crew of a Navy ship abandon their boat in a life raft and are rescued 18 hours later looking about 60 years older than they should be, Mulder suggests that the ship is caught in a time field which is speeding up their aging.
When General Clayton wants to reward his generosity, Hawkeye is forced to invent a story about Tuttle jumping from a chopper without his parachute! Of course, Trapper's new friend, Major Murdoch, obtained the fake dog tags and parachute, !
Meanwhile, Amy, Rory and River Song are being hunted down across America by the FBI. With the help of new friend and FBI-insider, Canton Everett Delaware the Third, our heroes are reunited to share their discoveries, if not their memories.
His wife, fellow demon hunter Sam, befriends the entire Scooby Gang and gets along quite well with all of them, but Buffy's own relationship with Spike comes into question when her ex's perfect romance shows her just what she doesn't have.
The 4077th is confronted by two crises, Colonel Potter's mare, Sophie, mysteriously disappears from her corral, and Hawkeye and B.J. find themselves with a young Korean boy on their hands, who is trying to avoid conscription into the Army.
However, just as it seems they are about to get on with the second half of Cartman's Mom Is A Dirty Slut, they do a 180 degree turn-around and reveal that for April Fool's Day they will be showing Terrance & Phillip in Not Without My Anus.
Two scientists confer about each of their metal objects that were found in Africa and they theorise that the objects are pieces of a puzzle which could be undeniable proof that human, plant and animal life did not originate on this planet.
A short while after, his butler figures out the motives for his master's murder, and blackmails the actors, who have no other choice than kill him, and make it look like he committed suicide due to remorse because he murdered his employer.
With Luka eager to get home, Clemente AWOL and Kerry temporarily off her feet, Dubenko volunteers to cover the ER briefly, but quickly becomes involved with a septic patient and her husband, who is unwilling to accept she will not improve.
After he wallows in self-pity for being alone in deep space, Lister pleads with Rimmer to allow him to create a hologram of Kristine Kochanski, an attractive crewmate he had flirted with despite her being far above him in the pecking order.
The only way to recover the missing part of her self is to join her broken chakram with it's counterpart, the chakram of light, which has the power to kill Gods, and can only be touched by a person with a pure soul, such as Xena has become.
Mulder is held hostage inside an office where a man claims his boss is a monster and has clouded all their minds while he turns them into zombies one by one, which is disbelieved until Mulder opens his mind and allows himself to see it too.
The gang is attacked by a simulant ship, who upgrade Starbug with laser cannons and defensive shields and then force them to play a game of 'cat and mouse'. The crew elect instead not to flee but to stay and fight which stuns the simulants.
When Elmo dies while the group are eating dinner at Jessica's home, Amos has his hands full with a new deupty, a mysterious drifter, his newly single sister Winnie, and Elmo's unusual family, all of which have taken up residence in his home.
While attempting to clear Cal's name and reputation, Jessica delves into the world of cheating poker players, cheating girlfriends and vengefilled police officers while trying to convince a local lieutenant that Cal is not capable of murder.
Before he's about to be interviewed for a documentary created by Leonard Nimoy's son, Sheldon reveals to Leonard and Penny that he was going to propose to Amy before she broke up with him and they try to convince him to admit that he's hurt.
3 million years pass until Holly, the ship's computer decides the radiation levels have lowered sufficiently and releases Lister from stasis and tells him of the accident and also resurrects Rimmer as a hologram to be a companion for Lister.
Earth, 100,000 B.C. The enigmatic Doctor, afraid that schoolteachers Ian Chesterton and Barbara Wright will reveal his secrets to the people of 20th century Earth, has taken them and his granddaughter Susan back to the dawn of human history.
Initially furious that the music teacher, Cynthia Brannigan, hires the Boston Conservatory Orchestra for the annual Jefferson High concert, Fonzie changes his tune when he realizes that famous composer Tchaikovsky was very much like himself.
It's five days before the New Hampshire primary, and Josh is desperately trying to find a silver bullet that will get his candidate into the local debate between the two front-runners, Vice President Russell and former Vice President Hoynes.
Scully evades Doggett's help in investigating a vicious murder in a remote area of Utah and she is trapped in the small town by a religious cult that believe a slug-like creature is the second coming of God who needs a human host to survive.
While investigating a derelict library, the duo come face to face with the disembodied mind of a little girl, an archaeological team led by a woman from the Doctor's future, and swarms of flesh-eating creatures that are seen only as shadows.
The TARDIS materialises on Culloden Moor just after the rout of the Jacobite rebels in 1745. The British army is mopping up survivors, and when they find the Doctor and Ben in the company of rebels they are accused of desertion and arrested.
On the day after Bartlet gives his last State of the Union address, Leo returns to the West Wing but has difficulty getting the attention of the rest of the staff for a meeting about what to do during the remaining 365 days of Bartlet's term.
On their first official case back on the X-Files, Mulder and Scully go undercover as a married couple at a prestigious planned community where several residents have recently disappeared after failing to comply with the rules and regulations.
Lister finds out, to his dismay, that he also is the chief of an organization which institutes mass murders to purify democracy . Kryten inadvertently kills a cop while trying to protect a girl, they run from it, and are chased by the police.
Toby, Josh, and Donna learn the hard way about the lack of accessible public transportation in the heartland when they spend a long day trying to get back to Washington after the motorcade leaves them behind during a campaign stop in Indiana.
When Rimmer invokes his standing as a superior crew member, 2nd Technician as opposed to 3rd Technician and flatly refuses, Lister vows to circumvent him, and threatens to take the exams to become an officer, so that he would then outrank him.
After not knowing Fox Mulder's whereabouts for the last year, A.D. Skinner and Agent Scully learn he is being held for the murder of a military man he couldn't possibly have killed, Knowle Rohrer, one of the government's secret super soldiers.
They view the black box recording and watch as Lister, after hearing Rimmer cry and wail because he has never been loved, pities Rimmer's plight and implants a memory of his own into Rimmer's memory,, the eight months that he dated Lisa Yates.
During a one-night stand in the midst of his divorce, AD Skinner becomes a murder suspect, and Mulder and Scully return the many favors that he has done for them by analyzing evidence that someone doesn't want uncovered to prove his innocence.
The Doctor and his companions stumble into this affair when the TARDIS materialises on Kembel, and with the aid of Space Security Service agent Bret Vyon, sent to investigate the disappearance of Marc Cory, the Doctor steals the taranium core.
While Lister's Confidence gives him the strength to face Rimmer to demand Kochanski's hologram disk, he is unaware that Confidence would do anything to be with him, including inducing the destruction of the Medicomp and the murder of Paranoia.
Angel's continued restless nights send him into dreams of 1860 London and his first encounter with Drusilla, but when he sees Darla in his waking life, Cordelia, Wesley and Gunn fear he has gone off the deep end and may revert to his evil ways.
Rimmer argues with Lister and suggests a vote which Lister wins 3 to 1. Lister prepares for his pool shot by getting drunk but concentrates hard enough to play a trick shot, bouncing 3 planets off each other to throw the last one into the hole.
After Spock's body is fitted with a device that allows McCoy to control the Vulcan's motor functions with a remote control, Kirk starts a search for Spock's brain, hoping it can be recovered and somehow returned to Spock before his body decays.
Jamie meets a young woman named Samantha who's looking for her missing brother, and when a detective from Scotland Yard shows up looking for his missing colleague, the airport Commandant is forced to concede that something very odd is going on.
The gang come across the simulant ship they nearly destroyed in Gunmen of the Apocalypse and decide to board the ship in order to loot it for supplies despite the fact that it's in such bad shape that a loud sneeze would cause it to fall apart.
When Xena allows herself to be tried and convicted of the murder of an innocent woman, who she left to die in the past, Gabrielle struggles to uncover the truth of what really happened all those years ago and free Xena from Shark Island Prison.
In the movies, Lori Beth announces that she's going to have a baby, Al's mother visits for the entire summer, Howard is consumed with Braves baseball, and Fonzie and his former gang, the Falcons, get ready to settle old scores with a rival gang.
As it happens, the Abbot in fact only looks like the Doctor, but since the Huguenots won't listen to Steven's warnings, the Admiral de Coligny is mortally wounded in an assassination attempt orchestrated by the Queen Mother, Catherine de Medici.
While Toby unsuccessfully attempts to fill her shoes in the briefing room, C.J. returns to Dayton, where she gives a speech at her high school reunion, reconnects with an old friend, and struggles to deal with her father's worsening Alzheimer's.
Working without Scully's input, Doggett and Skinner try to avert the mysterious murder spree of a drug-induced, religious cult leader and it becomes clear that the man can enter the dreams of the people he knows and can kill them in their sleep.
A helicopter comes to evacuate the spinal injury patient, and just as the three get ready to go to the new location, they find the 4077 is already returning, and eventually everyone reunites back at the camp, what with the Chinese being repulsed.
Angel Investigations may be together again, but is the family ready to add a new sister? While the crew tracks down a cult of vampires with a very odd M.O., Cordelia gets a surprise visit from her old high-school buddy,, the now vampiric Harmony.
Angel travels to a mystical swami to help him understand his haunting dreams and to find his path again, but while he is away Wesley assumes Angel's identity to try to save a young girl and rather enjoys playing the role of a vampire with a soul.
Crossing the path of a fierce war, Xena and Gabrielle end up inside a healing temple, where Xena uses her skills to aid the wounded and tend to pregnant Amazon Ephiny, whilst trying to put an end to the battle that is costing lives on both sides.
As Ray, Sam and Luka begin limited treatment under the proxy of his attendant, Abby believes Lennox has communicated different wishes, leading to a struggle to determine what course of action should be taken, and how long to fight the inevitable.
After Julia Marcus Granger is found murdered during what seems to have been an apparent art theft, suspicion turns to her husband Donald, who, as a result, also ends up being suspected in a recent rash of art thefts where there were no fatalities.
Before part 2 began airing in the second half of this one hour event, they relate the story of their April Fool's joke of 1998, which didn't go over very well with the viewers, who took the need to know who Cartman's father was much too seriously.
Jessica agrees to teach an English class at the West Barrington Institute for Women for her friend Margaret and soon finds herself being held hostage after Doctor Matthews is murdered and the prisoners are convinced that the warden is responsible.
Joey's interview with Soap Opera Digest is punctuated with flashbacks of Joey's previous acting experiences, spare time, activities, eating habits, sexuality, romances, and his friends, who hover nearby to make sure he doesn't say anything stupid.
Langston and Sara investigate the strange case of Iona, a social worker whose own psychological fetish led to her death, while Nick and Brass try to find those responsible for the chilling suicide of a 17 year old girl, a victim of cyber bullying.
As Mulder lies in hospital without indication that he is going to fully recover, Krycek comes to Skinner and offers him a vaccine to the virus that has infected Mulder, but the cost of the vaccine is that Skinner has to kill Scully's unborn child.
The Coach of the West Las Vegas University basketball team is a difficult, imperious, petty tyrant with a complicated personal life,, and when he's found bludgeoned to death in his locker room, Detective Russell's son Charlie is the prime suspect.
Since Neelix has no knowledge about the space after this point, he tries to make himself useful to the crew by trying to obtain a map from an old friend named Wixiban, who in exchange, asks for Neelix's help with some less-than-reputable dealings.
After partying away to the anniversary of Rimmer's death, Lister and Cat wake up with broken legs, Lister's jigsaw has been completed, four pages have been torn from his diary, the clock is four days ahead and the ship's black box has gone missing.
Rimmer leaves Red Dwarf to join the Enlightenment's crew but when he finds out that Nirvanah gave up her place for him, he decides to give it back to her and return to Red Dwarf, thereby doing much as the hero in the movie, much to his own disgust.
Issues are complicated when Lal starts showing signs of a more evolved consciousness, including the ability to feel emotions, which attracts the attention of Starfleet scientists who want to take her away from Data and examine her advanced systems.
Teaming with a desperate Greek soldier whose home is about to become collateral damage in a battle between Rome's two remaining triumvirs, Xena plots to make Caesar and Pompey lose their armies to prevent either from achieving sole power over Rome.
Earth's ocean floor, 2084. With two superpowers poised on the brink of a devastating photonic war, a missile base comes under attack from the reptilian Sea Devils and Silurians, intent on eradicating the upstart human race and reclaiming the planet,
The investigation of the construction site murder reveals that the victims were sisters and the relationship of one of the sisters to a former prison inmate is a cause for suspicion,, especially when his presence is traced to the scene of the crime.
as Toby and Josh scramble chaotically to get votes after Haffley demands Democratic support for a tax cut in exchange for ratification of the peace plan, it becomes quickly apparent that Jed must overcome his reluctance to name a new chief of staff.
In them she also goes to an attending interview and sees an old colleague, has conversations with Ray, welcomes Brenner back from Australia, and assists Gates and Banfield in trying to save a dream runner who jumped out of a window during his sleep.
Imprisoned in Inverness, the Doctor realises that Grey is running a scam of his own, removing rebels from the prisons with the promise that they will be saved from execution if they sign contracts binding them to service in the Jamaican plantations.
When a plaguelike illness kills 10 men inside a maximum security prison, Scully tries to get into the quarantine site and discover the cause and origin of the contagion, while Mulder and a group of US Marshals track two escapees who may be infected.
Although Daniel's nephew and long-time friend Katie are convinced of his innocence, Tony's fianc'ee Leslie also seems to be believing that Daniel could have been responsible for Merrill's death and suggests to Tony that Daniel may be losing his mind.
An attack ad on Santos by a pro-life group puts Vinick in a corner when Santos demands Vinick renounce it but Vinick knows that if he does it will offend the G.O.P. Leo argues to get the women's vote for Santos and to keep them from going Republican.
They must perform under not only the media spotlight, but also under the scrutiny of Grissom's mentor, Doctor Philip Gerard, who uses his knowledge of Grissom and the other CSIs to discredit their evidence in his role as hired expert for the defense.
In the Season 8 premiere, Amy and Leonard take a surprise road trip to Arizona to retrieve Sheldon, while Penny goes on a job interview at Bernadette's company, and Howard has problems wrapping his head around Stuart's relationship with Mrs Wolowitz.
Mulder meets with Agent Arthur Dales' brother, also named Arthur! and is told a tale of a talented negro baseball player from Roswell, New Mexico in the 1940's who may have been an alien that ran away from his colony because of his love for the game.
Set in 1989, the story of the founding of The Lone Gunmen is finally told as we see how a straight-laced federal employee, a sex mad AV expert and a nerdy computer hacker meet Susanne Modeski, a strange woman with evidence of a government conspiracy.
Walker and Cahill head to the mountains of Utah to track down the crashed remains of a plane that was used during a daring bank robbery in 1988-which resulted in the death of one of Walker's friends-unawares a survior remains and has turned cannibal.
When Scully and Doggett are contacted by a man who claims his wife was murdered shortly after giving birth to an alien baby, Scully digs deeper into reports of alien fertilization on humans and begins to question her own pregnancy and its conception.
When a bloodthirsty demon emerges from a magickal portal on the stage in Caritas, the Host, whose name, we learn, is Krevlornswath or Lorne for short asks Angel and the gang to find it and destroy it before it cuts a bloody swath through Los Angeles.
As the chaotic possibility of a looming romantic relationship between Lenard's father and Sheldon's mother causes strife amongst the families, Howard's paranoia grows as he contemplates the desires of the U. S. Air Force towards him and his invention.
As the staff prepares for the presidential debates at a North Carolina conference center, a vexing question about a failed attorney-general nomination, amid charges of racial profiling leads to flashbacks of the administration's first weeks in office.
Assistant Director Kersh tries to tear Scully and Mulder apart when he partners Scully with a New York agent investigating Alfred Fellig, a freelance police photographer who conveniently shows up to document the scene of a death as soon as it happens.
Cartman has a dream about being in a successful boy band, so he convinces the other boys to join him, in hopes of making $10,000,000. To be a proper boy band, they need five members, so after auditions, they settle on Wendy, and dress her up as a boy.
He fails until, while Kryten is painting a portrait of Rimmer, his rebellious side opens up, and he paints Rimmer sitting on the toilet, and then insulting him before jumping on a space bike wearing a leather jacket, a-la Marlon Brando in The Wild One
When a conservative Republican Congresswoman targets Ellie's research project in an effort to discredit Jed, Toby discovers that the source of the leak is uncomfortably close to home, and Will realizes that they've all greatly underestimated his boss.
At the behest of Linda Bonner, the victim's sister who happens to care deeply about the accused, Jessica takes a look into the murder, but hatred runs deep in this town and it's pure luck, and Andy Crane that leads Jessica and Ames to the right answer.
In Roberts' interviews with Hawkeye, BJ, Frank, Radar, Klinger, Mulcahy and Potter, they talk about how they cope with their situation, what they miss about home, how they feel about who they work with, and whether they see any good in coming from war.
When Italy refuses to extradite the boy to a death penalty state, Josh makes a deal with the district attorney prosecuting the case, offering him unlimited financial backing for his reelection campaign in exchange for his not seeking the death penalty.
Maternal instincts are in the air when Gabrielle encounters her evil daughter Hope, who has freed the Goddess Callisto in order to kill Xena's son Solan to sever the friendship of Xena and Gabrielle forever, and bring about Dahak's return to the world.
Phoebe, playing the slots, is plagued by a lurker, An elderly woman who follows her around, waiting for her to give up a machine that hasn't paid out, then takes over and hits the jackpot, a strategy with absolutely no basis in the laws of probability.
Greene takes a teacherly interest in her, helping her get acquainted, but she gets off to a bad start with the irritable Carter when she speaks insensitively, and without Carter present, with a patient's wife about her husband's very serious condition.
When a US military general is unexplainably murdered in the back of his limousine, a paramilitary group is suspected and they believe it was a soldier whom they liberated from a Vietnam POW camp and is plotting to kill certain corrupt military figures.
When a series of deaths occur immediately after an ancient artefact is brought to Boston from an excavation site in South America, Scully believes the deaths appear to be the result of political terrorism, but Mulder suspects something more improbable.
While on a work trip to London to learn the techniques of the British police, Columbo gets involved with the murder of Roger Haversham, a rich old businessman, that is financing the careers of two has-been theater stars trying to restart their careers.
When Gabrielle leaps aboard a ship weighing anchor carrying a chain gang whose members include the Autolycus, King of Thieves, Xena must find a way first to join them at sea, and then rescue them all when their ship capsizes and sinks from a tidal wave.
Winchester arrives at the 4077th, only to painfully discover that he's the permanent replacement after Frank Burns is thoroughly examined, uncannily acquitted, undeservingly promoted, to Lt Colonel!!!, and quickly transferred to a VA hospital in Indiana.
After the miraculous recovery of a young boy who had cancer, Mulder and Scully investigate what has happened but Scully is shocked when The Smoking Man tells her that he cured the boy and offers to show Scully the cure for cancer if she travels with him.
Clara must face a menace from another dimension when the Doctor is trapped within a shrinking TARDIS. Her enemy can travel through two dimensions and kill anyone who touches a floor or wall, and is quickly learning how to manifest in the third dimension.
The gang now have very different personalities, we have Rimmer, a wannabe hippy,, T-shirt saying Give quiche a chance, Lister with nerves of steel and willing to sacrifice his life to kill it, Kryten with no sense of loyalty or guilt, and the Cat, a bum.
What alien force has invaded the town? Why is it watching barmaid Alison Cheney? And what plans does it have for the future of the planet Earth? The Doctor is helped and hindered by his new military liaison Major Kennet and his Royal Green Jacket troops.
When the decomposed bodies of eight young women appear in a newly made mass grave in the Nevada desert, Finley quickly realizes that one of the women, and presumably the other seven, is a victim of her long-time nemesis, Seattle serial killer Tom Cooley.
By orders of the Grand Negus Zek, Quark enlists the help of Rom, Nog, his cousin Gaila, a Ferengi assasin named Leck, and Brunt to attempt to rescue his mother, Ishka, from Dominion captivity by trading a captured Vorta at DS9's sister station, Empok Nor.
Jessica initially wants nothing to do with the investigation, but since everyone, including the dead man's widow, who is willing to pay her $100,000 to prove he was murdered, wants Jessica to investigate, she finally agrees to take a look into the matter.
A rock sample taken from Mars is intercepted at an airport and infects a security officer with the Black Cancer, while Mulder is given a tip about potentially dangerous paramilitary operations but is doubtful when the informant turns out to be Alex Krycek.
Sam meets with Bob Engler again, who says he is now acting on behalf of two congressmen who want an inventory of Fort Knox because they believe that most of the gold bullion has been replaced with alien bodies recovered from Area 51 in Roswell, New Mexico.
Sisko plans an attack that will allow them to tap in to the Dominion's communication array in the Alpha Quadrant on the planet AR-558. He must also find a way of revealing the 'Houdinis'. mines which hide themselves in subspace and explode without warning.
The TARDIS has in fact been captured by the Trojans and taken into the city, where Vicki befriends the royal family, adopts the name Cressida, and makes a bitter enemy of the high priestess Cassandra, who feels she has a monopoly on foretelling the future.
They wake up to find that they have been playing a computer game, called Red Dwarf, and that Lister is actually a rich and successful businessman, Rimmer his ne'er do-well brother, Kryten is a cop, and Cat is actually the most uncool nerd in human history.
Cedd's College in Cambridge but find adventure and conflict when they come up against Skagra, an intergalactic warlord bent on finding Shada, the legendary prison of the Time Lords, and who has come to earth in search of the one man who knows its location.
Meanwhile, Joxer runs into his other brother, the flamboyant Jace, Xena tries to evade her mother's attempts at matchmaking, and Gabrielle tries to work out her own inexplicable feelings of jealousy over Joxer's budding relationship with the Amazon Amoria.
As Donna is about to marry her boyfriend Lance on Christmas Eve, she suddenly finds herself on board the TARDIS. As the Doctor tries to get Donna to the church on time, the alien Empress of the Racnoss watches closely from the throne in her spaceship above.
Hawkeye and Trapper operate on a famous Colonel, after discovering that he is particularly ruthless about sacrificing his men, they come up with a scheme to get him sent back to the states with a little unwitting help from Frank, Margaret, and a drunk Henry.
In the Season 10 opener, agents Mulder and Scully return after 13 years to investigate a government conspiracy at the behest of a popular web-TV-show host, who introduces them to a woman who claims she's an alien abductee and shares startling news with them.
Returning from his mother's funeral, Mark clashes with Kerry over the treatment of a teenager who rescinded her DNR. A new second year resident that likes to be called Doctor Dave clashes with almost everybody, from the surgical department to the paramedics.
Building a time machine, it now goes back and forth through time, judging everyone on whether they have lead a worthwhile life, deleting the ones who didn't and replacing them with the sperm that never got a chance . Aboard Red Dwarf, the inquisition begins.
While in pursuit of a Maquis ship in a region of space known as the Badlands, the starship Voyager, under the command of Captain Kathryn Janeway, is transported 70,000 light years from home into the uncharted region of the galaxy known as the Delta Quadrant.
Jessica soon realises that both Nigel and Colin are secret agents, and despite Colin's request for her to stay out of it, Jessica investigates Allison's disappearance and soon convinces a previously reluctant inspector that there is something terribly wrong.
In the conclusion of the Doctor Who adventure The Mark of the Rani, the title character, a despotic exiled Time Lady, has materialized in 19th century England, where she is systematically draining the intelligences of the men behind the Industrial Revolution.
Through a bizarre twist of fate, he woke up 500 years in the future, where there are warring factions, some angry sea otters, and worst of all, No Nintendo Wii! Will Cartman get out of this crazy future? Or will he be doomed to never get his hands on the Wii?
Mulder undergoes an experimental form of hypnotherapy to recover his memories about his sister's abduction but the treatment has side effects including psychotic behaviour and Mulder wakes up one morning in a motel room with someone else's blood all over him.
The others are captured and also thrown in the dungeon because they are 'different'. They find the original Rimmer and use the teleporter to escape but end up on Starbug 2 weeks in the future where they learn that something terrible has happened to Lister, ..
Scully is approached by a couple who claim their baby has the same abilities as William and have information about the super soldier program, however they will only talk to Mulder, believing him the only person who can make the connections and uncover the truth.
Meanwhile, Toby and a visiting law professor answer questions from a foreign delegation that is trying to write a new constitution for the former Soviet Republic of Belarus, and harried staffers pass the buck of Leo's traditional meeting with the new Miss World.
Walker and the Rangers find themselves in the middle of an IRA conflict when a member brings his daughter to Dallas for medical treatment and she's kidnapped by a splinter faction in relation for her father's killing one of their members, albeit in self-defense.
After the obituaries of three identical men are e-mailed to Mulder, the agents are contacted by a CIA agent who tells them about a Russian Spy Killer sent to eliminate evidence of Cold War era Russian clones who had infiltrated the American medical establishment.
An unidentified force traps the Doctor on Earth and strands Amy inside the TARDIS. The Doctor traces the force to a seemingly ordinary apartment and the mysterious second-floor tenant, and tries to pose as a human to board with Craig Owens, the downstairs tenant.
Carter sticks up for Neela when the other attendings doubt her capabilities and future in the ER. Ironically, Neela caves under pressure and accidentally gives a patient the wrong medication, though no one finds out, as Gallant covers for her and takes the blame.
In addition, Rimmer and Lister discover that his cat was pregnant, and had been sealed in the ship's hold during the accident and her descendants have bred there for the last 3 million years and have evolved into a humanoid, only one of whom is still on the ship.
After Max Teller, the owner of Silverville, is found murdered, Jessica realises that the key to finding out who killed Teller is the same key to finding the long-lost treasure of legendary stage coach robber Cutter McGee and enlists the help of the local sheriff.
When the chef of a restaurant who recently had over half his stock bought up by a well-known mobster dies, suspicion turns to Jessica's young friend Lorna Thompson, but when the mobster himself dies, Jessica realises there is more than meets the eye to this case.
Grissom investigates the murder of a Las Vegas photographer whose remains were dumped at a nearby body farm where CSIs routinely study corpses, and his findings reveal that the man was apparently shot to death even though there are no bullet fragments in the body.
In the conclusion of the Doctor Who adventure Revelation of the Daleks, the Doctor discovers that Tranquil Repose, a colony of cryogenics on the planet Necros, houses the supposedly dormant body of Davros, creator of the Doctor's perennial adversaries, the Daleks.
But a madman named Medok claims that the camp is stalked at night by hideous monsters, and as the Doctor learns more about the camp he realises that the people here risk their lives daily to mine a dangerously toxic natural gas, and yet nobody knows what it's for.
After trying to kill one another, grief-stricken Xena and Gabrielle awake in a strange musical world called Illusia, filled with familiar faces, where they must face the pain and anger caused by the deaths of their children and forgive one another in order to live.
When Morris Penroy's body is found in the Appletree sisters chrysanthemum bed in quiet Cabot Cove, the two women become Metzger's prime suspects, but Jessica is convinced that the two older women could never have killed anyone and sets out to prove their innocence.
Jessica initially tries to stay out of things until her nephew Grady becomes the prime suspect, and Jessica decides to take matters into her own hands while fighting her attraction to Preston Giles, the first man to interest her since the death of her husband Frank.
Meanwhile Kryten, Cat and Kochanski are sent aboard a derelict ship where they find a device which can change the time stream surrounding an object or person to make it move extremely slow or fast and decide to use it to make their prison sentences go by in a flash.
However when Xena arrives prematurely and begins acting strangely, the real Xena arrives and learns that it's yet another look-alike, a barmaid named Meg, who seems quite taken with Joxer and is embroiled in a plot to steal the throne from Diana and kidnap her baby.
After meeting with Senator Matheson, one of his supporters in regards to The X-Files, Mulder disobeys orders and heads to an abandoned SETI site in Puerto Rico which has unexplainably reactivated itself and could provide proof of contact with extra-terrestrial life.
A group of young treasure hunters come to Cabot Cove looking for sunken treasure but after one dies and the other is arrested for her murder, Jessica gets involved both to clear a young man she believes is innocent and to help an old friend she knows tends not to be.
After jeweler Laszlo Dolby is murdered in New York City and the Queen of Tara, a famous tiara worth millions, goes missing, Jessica realises that in order to get the answer she'll have to get in to see a legendary film actress that hasn't left her apartment in years.
The crew, determined to put the pieces together to find out what happened, go after the black box and discover it in a shallow grave with a gravestone that reads 'To the memory, of the memory of Lisa Yates'. Lister comments that he once dated a girl named Lisa Yates.
A lecture on the latest techniques by a young surgeon from Tokyo, and a later demonstration of his surgical skill, turns Winchester into a drunk and Potter into an invalid, whilst bringing home to Hawkeye and B.J. that they are out of touch with new medical practices.
Filmed in glorious black and white with a comic book feel to it, this is a modern retelling of Frankenstein as Mulder and Scully get caught up in a town where the residents live on Jerry Springer episodes and fear a two-faced monster who has been impregnating the women.
Master of Horror Stephen King's first effort at an X-File sees Scully's well deserved vacation going terribly wrong and landing her in a small Maine town where one of the residents is believed to be a witch and her autistic daughter's doll has frighteningly evil powers.
When Jessica spends some time at a zoo researching her latest novel, she soon gets drawn into a case of murder when the body of Mark Atwater, the fianc'e of one of the zoo workers, is found murdered, death by snake venom, and another employee is charged with his murder.
When Teresa Hoese, the woman Scully & Mulder met the previous spring in Oregon just before Mulder was abducted, is found in a desert, returned from testing done on her by aliens, Doggett alerts Scully that this could have something to do with Mulder and his whereabouts.
In a friend's apartment, Jessica and her friends are amused by and then puzzled by the strange drama unfolding on TV. Jessica slowly realizes that the TV show is actually the feed from a surveillance camera, and she may be witnessing the planning of a robbery and murder.
Scully, Doggett and Reyes investigate an old case that Doggett worked on as a cop in Brooklyn, dubbed The Screwdriver Killer . They try to determine whether the man who was convicted and has just been released from prison was actually the man responsible for the murders.
The Doctor and his companions find themselves on a secret summons that takes them the desert in Utah, right to the Oval Office in 1969. With the help of Canton Everett Delaware III, they must help President Nixon who's taking calls from a little girl afraid of a monster.
Jessica gives the letter, which is from his wife regarding a man she had fallen in love with, to Bud, and when Bud dies in a fire later that night, suspicion falls on the mystery man in the letter, with Metzgar determined to find out who Lois Fricksey was so enamored of.
While the Doctor struggle to complete the Trilogic Game in the minimum number of moves permitted, Steven and Dodo must recover the TARDIS by competing against Sergeant Rugg and Mrs Wiggs to first find a thimble hidden in a kitchen, and then cross a floor of dancing dolls.
Abbey keeps the staff busy with the fallout when she leaks her personal preference for a Federal Reserve Board appointment and discusses child labor on a talk show, prompting a Congresswoman to offer an amendment which could shoot down the entire international tariff bill.
After several disappearances in a small town, Mulder and Scully investigate and find hundreds of human bones in the river and discover that the man behind the town's main source of wealth, a chicken processing plant, has found a way to prolong his life through cannibalism.
Jessica reluctantly agrees to do an interview for an old friend, Paula Roman, but is surprised when Kevin Keats, a journalist who had been doing a series of stories on an art dealer who was really a drug dealer, shows up to do the interview, complete with cameras and crew.
They discover the planet has been visited by humans years previously, who populated the planet with wax droids, animated wax works of famous characters from Earth's history including Albert Einstein, Marilyn Monroe, Gandhi, Winnie the Pooh, Mother Teresa and Elvis Presley.
They recount how 18 months earlier they were followed around by a Hollywood producer while investigating a case concerning 'The Lazarus Bowl' a mythical piece of pottery reputed to have inscribed on it the words that Jesus Christ spoke when he raised Lazarus from the dead.
When the Doctor vows to put an end to this, the leader of the Elders, Jano, has him sent to the laboratories, but Jano, unwilling to risk the life essence of an alien on any of his people, takes it all into himself, and thus acquires the Doctor's morals and ethics as well.
The base's food supplies have in fact been poisoned by Cybermen from the colony world Telos, who intend to seize control of the Graviton and use it to destroy the Earth, not as revenge for the destruction of Mondas, but simply and logically to eliminate a potential threat.
Then the 4077th team hear the Marines have got a ringer in their team after pulling some strings, .. Meanwhile, Hawkeye finds out his father is in hospital and tries to speak to him over the phone, watched by Charles, who envies Hawkeye's close relationship with his father.
Although Jessica and Victoria are relieved to learn that Howard isn't cheating but rather dressing up as a woman to perform at a nightclub, Les Champignons, the relief is short lived when Howard is arrested for murdering his boss, Al Drake, who had been refusing to pay him.
He and the Doctor thus face extremly hostile questioning, but the real threat is aboard the space rocket, where two Cybermen are preparing to infiltrate the station, open the way for their army to arrive and use the Wheel as the first stepping stone in an invasion of Earth.
Stardate 5630.7:, or is there in beauty no truth? Miranda Jones, a telepath who studied mental disciplines on Vulcan, arrives with Ambassador Kollos, a Medusan, an alien life form whose physical form is so hideous, humanoid life forms are driven insane if they look upon him.
The Doctor, Rose and Captain Jack stop off in present-day Cardiff to recharge the TARDIS on the Rift they formerly encountered in 1869. Whilst there, they come upon a since-thought-long-dead enemy of theirs, who is hatching a fiendish plot to get a lift back to civilisation.
Stardate: Unknown Captain Picard is shifting through three time periods, just before the Enterprise-D is sent on its mission to Farpoint station, the present, and 25 years in the future, when Picard has just been diagnosed with Irumadic Syndrome, a degenerative brain disease.
The womens' stories about what happened on the boat change constantly, but once Ralph is found dead and later found to be Stephen Earl, Jessica has to help Amos wage through the inconsistencies in the four Earl daughters storylines to determine who killed their father and why.
While Blake rides for the militia, the Doctor struggles to decipher the clue he's been given, knowing that only by locating the treasure himself can he bargain with the pirates and smugglers and prevent a battle which will inevitably result in the deaths of innocent townsfolk.
To get real issues to be discussed at a bi-partisan breakfast, Toby makes a deal with a former acquaintance who is the majority leader's new Chief of Staff to strike a bargain and put an issue on the agenda, thereby undermining CJ and setting up the administration to ridicule.
While Cigarette Smoking Man recites to an unseen listener everything about the work of the Syndicate involving a global conspiracy in co-operation with an alien species, Cassandra Spender reappears and is pursued by the scientists who would rather kill her than keep her alive.
Mulder and Scully discover a jinniah, genie in a rug who, after 500 years of granting wishes, has come to the conclusion that people are still as greedy and self-centered as they always have been and she begins to corrupt the wishes she grants if they are not 'specific' enough.
They then must help the rest of the team investigate the death of a young woman who turns out to be the daughter of a big time drug lord wanted by FBI, CIA, and DEA. They discover with security camera footage that she was thrown out of a club by two bouncers earlier that night.
Catherine's friend Laura's mogul husband Mark has a lot to hide behind his successful international corporation, and he's hired a crack team of assassins to carry out the murders of anyone who might be aware of what he's doing, and that includes Laura's lawyer and Laura herself.
After experiencing a vision of death surrounding her unborn child, Xena visits her old Amazon-shamaness friend Yakut, Adventures in the Sin Trade Pt 1 & Pt 2 . There she learns that her baby's soul is being stolen by Alti, who seeks to re-enter the world through the child's body.
London's Docklands, 1984. Why are uniformed policemen gunning down strangely-dressed vagrants in broad daylight? A prison ship in the far future, who is the sole prisoner aboard the craft? And why are these two locations linked by the time corridor the TARDIS has been sucked into?
With the help of a prickly police sergeant and a priest who isn't quite what he seems, Jessica discovers that the man who was killed was in charge of leading a top-secret government mission to protect a foreign diplomat, and that someone in the safehouse has gone to the other side.
When the stars of the ballet are missing during the curtain call, Leo rushes Jessica out of the theatre where she finds that he has helped his grandniece, Natalia Masurov, and her husband Alexander so that the two can defect to the United States like he had done many years earlier.
Mulder's request for reassignment to the X-Files is denied by Kersh, who hopes that Mulder will simply quit the FBI. When a census worker is killed on the White House lawn trying to get information to the President, Mulder gets in over his head trying to discover what the man knew.
We see him sired by Darla in 1753, driving Drusilla mad and then siring her in 1860, and being cursed with a soul by the Kalderash clan in 1898. In the present, Angelus hatches a plan to awaken the demon Acathla, who will open a gateway to a hell dimension, and bring Hell to Earth.
While being detained near the famed Dreamland Area 51, a strange craft flies overhead and Mulder swaps bodies with an Area 51 'Man-in-Black'. While the other agent has fun in Mulder's body, Mulder himself finds it difficult to fit into someone else's life, especially a shadowy one.
Captain Janeway relates the story of her distant ancestor, Shannon O'Donnell, Kate Mulgrew in a dual role, and her involvement in the construction of Earth's Millennium Gate . She meets and falls in love with Henry Janeway, the one man standing in the way of the Gate's construction.
On Thanksgiving Eve, C.J. tries to find someone, anyone, from Interior to meet with two Stockbridge-Munsee Indians who plan to stand in the lobby, in full view of the media, until they receive an answer on an application they submitted 15 years ago to buy back land stolen from them.
When Voyager shuts down main power and interrupts the regeneration cycle of the Borg children, Neelix keeps them entertained by telling the story of why a certain section of Deck 12 is off-limits, and how the space-dwelling creature that lives there came aboard and haunted the ship.
Bartlet must deal with the possiblity of a nuclear explosion in California, Kate is keeping a careful watch on the election in Kazakhstan and China's response, Will is acting as the government's voice this week, and Josh is trying to keep his political version of Tourette's in check.
Their plans to announce their defection to the federal authorities fall by the wayside when they are accused of murdering the security guard found dead in their dressing room, and Jessica enlists Ethan's help in hiding the young lovers while the K.G.B. keeps their eye on her and Leo.
However, this proves more difficult when Caven is revealed to be in league with Clancey's rival, Madeline Issigri, and with her somewhat unwilling help, Caven plans to kill Clancey and his new friends and frame them for the pirate attacks, thus getting away scot-free with his crimes.
Xena and Gabrielle think that introducing Genia to Aphrodite would convince her that throwing away her life for a God is a bad idea but it backfires on them when Genia becomes a disciple to Aphrodite, who casts a love spell on Genia, causing her to fall in love with the warlord's son.
The impossible happens for the snobbish Charles when he shares an emotional experience with Klinger, who discovers a U.S. nurse, Debbie, finds him and his bizarre attire attractive, while Charles succumbs to the exotic charms of a Korean girl, called Sooni, who he meets at Rosie's Bar.
After their car breaks down after dinner with the governor, Jessica and her friend Ames Caufield find themselves in a small southern town just in time for local bad boy Ed Bonner to be found dead, and young Matt Burns, the son of a former student of Ames', ends up accused of the murder.
Bartlet orders a strike on the terrorist training camp as he and his staff broker a peace settlement between the Israelis and the Palestinians, but Bartlet and Leo realize that their differences over the peace settlement are irreconcilable, warranting a change in Leo's responsibilities.
Jessica winds up in the middle of a battle between a mining company and the local native tribe when her plane can't get her out of a small British Columbia town in time for a wedding in Vancouver, and finds herself answering questions about the murder of a retired Ottawa police officer.
While the Doctor plays the Trilogic Game, a variation on the classic Towers of Hanoi puzzle, Steven and Dodo are sent on a quest to find the TARDIS, against opponents who may be figments of the Toymaker's imagination, or may be living beings, ensnared in his clutches, who seek to escape.
Paying tribute to the real-life counterparts of the show's fictional Bartlet administration, the installment features U.S. Presidents Bill Clinton, Jimmy Carter and Gerald Ford, White House staffers David Gergen, Dee Dee Myers and Leon Panetta and former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger.
The TARDIS is stolen from Gatwick Airport, and when the Doctor and Jamie investigate they stumble into a trap set by Edward Waterfield, a time-traveller from the year 1866. His daughter Victoria has been kidnapped by the Daleks, in order to force him to lure the Doctor into their clutches.
When a detective mysteriously uncovers the remains of an FBI agent who disappeared in the 1940s while investigating a murder case similar to a modern-day one she is investigating, Mulder and Scully believe that the original killer had passed his genetic trait of violence to his grandchild.
Hours before the CAFE standards amendment is defeated, Josh succumbs to the lure of test driving a monster SUV while shopping for a Prius and gets into a fender-bender that proves embarrassing to the administration, so he's saddled with heading up a task force on alternative energy sources.
While there, Jessica is pleased to run into an old acquaintance, Chester Harrison, and when Harrison is accused of murdering Christopher Bundy, Jessica vows to prove his innocence but runs into trouble when the family isn't interested in having their own skeletons dragged out of the closet.
When Xander realizes that he isn't needed by the gang as much as he'd like to believe, his quest to prove he's cool leads him to an unforgettable night that finds him consorting with fast women, raising the dead and rolling with a dangerous crowd that could put Sunnydale in a world of hurt.
A feverish night in Las Vegas results in one dead male in an alien suit, one more dead male in a bathtub, one dead female with two suspicious men at the scene, and another dead male with a polaroid of yet another dead male, but on the other hand, we get to meet Greg's replacement DNA person.
A night of drinking leads to some surprises and revelations when Carla tells Sam that she drunkenly slept with one of the regulars that night, but can't remember who! Could it be Norm, or Cliff, or Frasier, or what about the most unlikely person in the bar she could have slept with, Paul, ..?
After the simultaneous death of Zeus and the birth of baby Eve, Xena and Gabrielle must protect the infant from the Olympian Gods who want to destroy her, while Xena tries to rid herself of a doting Ares and Gabrielle tries to retrieve the antidote for the poison that is slowly killing Joxer.
Faced with a Democratic party in disarray in the face of the strongest Republican challenger they have ever had, Bartlet asks Leo to take charge of the potentially chaotic Democratic National Convention, while Santos considers a party-unifying vice-presidential offer from front-runner Russell.
Senator Vinick, now the Republican Presidential nominee, receives advice from former Bartlet political consultant Bruno Gianelli on how to win all 50 states in the general election, and more specifically in the near term how to present his religious views to the public and pick a running mate.
It's time for cheerleader tryouts, and Buffy can't resist! However, when the girls start getting knocked out of the competition by spontaneous combustion, sudden blindness, and other freak accidents, Buffy and the gang begin to suspect that someone may be behind these not so normal occurrences.
On a busy Halloween night, Carter and Abby are the only staffers in costume when victims of an apartment building fire pack the ER. Corday takes on a new med student for a surgical rotation,, Paul Nathan, who suffers from Parkinson's disease and decided to pursue medicine after being diagnosed.
Recalling something, he reads Rimmer's diary entries and there finds one describing a time when Rimmer thought he saw his own head pop up through the table and say that, the head came from the future to save his, Rimmer's life, which Rimmer himself, in the diary entry took to be a hallucination.
Jessica agrees to go to New York to bid on a manuscript purportedly by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, and while there, she gets mixed up in the murder of a local forger who had been involved in the theft of a priceless Degas painting two years earlier when she tries to help Charlie Garrett out of a jam.
When a small-time magician performs a trick where it appears that he turns his head all the way around but is then found in his van dead with his head neatly sawn off, Mulder and Scully suspect he was murdered and get caught up in an intricate scheme planned by two magicians trying to rob a bank.
During his time in stasis his bunkmate Arnold Rimmer, an equally, if not more lowly 2nd Technician, is forced to perform the maintenance duties alone and inefficiently repairs a drive plate, causing it to fail and subjecting the entire crew to deadly radiation that kills them all almost instantly.
Jessica is thrilled to be visiting her niece Carrie and her husband Leonard, an astronomer dreaming of seeing a long-lost comet, but when Carrie's ex-boyfriend Drake Eaton is murdered in the home she's been staying in, Jessica has to prove not only her niece but also her husband innocent of murder.
While imprisoned in Russia and infected with the Black Cancer, Mulder learns that Krycek is working with the men responsible and everything has been a setup from the start, while Scully and Skinner are called to a suspicious Senate hearing where the only question is the whereabouts of Agent Mulder.
A Boston performance by children's singer Nanny Gee for Frederick's birthday sheds light on Frasier's past as Lilith and the barflies discover Nanny is Frasier's first wife! Frasier had forgotten to mention this fact to Lilith and when Nanny arrives at Cheers she and Lilith soon get into a catfight!
While Reyes is asked for her badge and gun by AD Follmer and Doggett lies in hospital near death, the conflicting circumstances of the stakeout and Doggett's shooting do not add up and it becomes clear that Lukesh possesses the power to switch between parallel universes and alter the events in each.
Stardate: Unknown Shortly after Picard is diagnosed with a long-term, potentially debilitating brain disorder, he starts experiencing bizarre shifts into three main time periods, 25 years into the future, a few days before the Enterprise-D is sent on its mission to Farpoint station, and the present.
Potter returns to camp and discovers that the complaints are coming from a Corporal, actually Lieutenant Benson, who had been sent by a disturbed Colonel Frank Webster, who had been wounded some months earlier, and probably wanted payback for being made to wait until the real casualties were treated.
The Rani draws the Doctor's First and Second incarnations into a time tunnel and traps his other incarnations in a time loop in Albert Square, bouncing back and forth between 1973, 1993 and 2013. She is also assembling a vast intergalactic menagerie, and needs an Earthling to complete her collection,
The episode opens with 'Star Wars' style text explaining how Lister gave birth to twin boys that were returned to the other dimension, Holly has endured a breakdown which has caused him to become like his female counterpart from that universe, and that Kryten has returned and become part of the crew.
After Jane Dawson informs Jessica of her plans to write an unauthorized biography on her good friend Ellen Lombard, Ellen's husband Arthur comes under suspicion when Jane's sister and husband find her dead body electrocuted after a T.V. was dropped in her hot tub, and Arthur is seen leaving the house.
Steven and Dodo must win a game of TARDIS Hopscotch to defeat Cyril the Schoolboy and recover the TARDIS. However, as the Doctor nears the completion of the Trilogic Game, he realizes he must find a way to make the last move of his game without destroying himself and his friends along with the Toyroom.
While investigating the connection between the abduction of several teenagers and a rural religious cult, Mulder & Scully discover a secret test being performed on the children using the Purity Control alien DNA from 'The Erlenmeyer Flask' which leads Mulder to the Crew-Cut Man, Deep Throat's murderer.
If Bryce had to walk around the house to get to the doors, why are there no grass stains on his shoes? If Beth never went out the day of the murder, how did a late edition of the newspaper end up in the front hall? But when a witness remembers hearing gunshots before an alarm, Columbo figures it all out.
The travellers are forced to accompany Polo on his long trek across Asia to the Khan's court, but their many attempts to reclaim their property are foiled,, not just by Polo, but by the war lord Tegana, who is apparently on a mission of peace but has entirely different plans for dealing with Kublai Khan,
While investigating the discovery of a preserved alien body found in the mountains of Canada, Mulder is contacted by Michael Kritschgau who tells him about a government conspiracy not to keep alien activity a secret, but to make people believe in them without question and Mulder has been the prime target.
In a series of flashbacks, we see Chandler learning of his parent's divorce, 1978. Phoebe losing an arm, twice in past lives, and 1915. Joey with his head in a turkey, 1992. Chandler hurting Monica's feelings, 1987. and Monica getting a little more revenge than she planned, when Chandler loses a toe, 1988.
Kryten finds a lobster scuttling around the cargo hold and cooks an elaborate feast for the crew as it is the anniversary of when he was rescued from the Nova 5. The rest of the crew however have prepared to enter a virtual reality world of Jane Austen, where Kochanski hopes to teach them a little culture.
The presidential candidates journey to Iowa, where democrats Russell and Santos, and republican Vinick, are all told by their handlers that when they appear before before the corn growers association they must support subsidies for the use of corn-derived ethanol as fuel, regardless of their true feelings.
Jessica heads to Nashville to visit her old friends, Bobby and Patti Sue Diamond, and finds herself embroiled in the middle of a murder mystery when Bobby and Patti Sue are both poisoned, and Bobby's daughter Alice ends up being the prime suspect in Bobby's murder and a subsequent attempt on Patti Sue's life.
This episode shows various clips from previous episodes, up to Our Town, explains the history of Mulder and Scully including how/before they met, then explains the other important characters, like Skinner, X, Deep Throat, CSM and then summarizes/explains highlights, like Scully's abduction and the alien clones.
To alleviate his depression regarding the news, not to mention the fact that he has a $8,500 tax bill, the crew try a distraction in the form of a new Virtual Reality game where all the players' desires and fantasies can come true, but even in a perfect place, Rimmer's mind has its own way of stabbing him in the back.
We finally found out who Sam's telephone proposal at the end of the last episode was to, Diane! But Diane fears that Sam is meerely on the rebound after breaking up with Janet, so asks him to repeat the proposal in a more romantic occasion, but when he does, on a boat, she refuses, causing Sam to make her walk the plank.
The Eye Of The Hawk objects to the piece of propaganda that filmmaker Lt Bricker is producing and, having exposed the original film, reshoots a new one his way, starring himself as Groucho Marx-ish Yankee Doodle Doctor, and poking fun at glorifying doctors while concluding with a rather serious speech about the hell of war.
When filing for a patent for their infinite persistence gyroscope, Leonard, Sheldon, and Howard learn that the university owns 75% of the patent's revenue, so they decide to write a contract between the three of them to split the remaining 25%. Also, Raj looks to the ladies for advice when both Emily and Claire contact him.
Kryten, having to be one step better than Kochanski, creates The Rimmer Experience a virtual reality rollercoaster created from Rimmer's memories, depicting him thinking of himself as a 'Hero' and a 'Remarkable Person', giving Cat fashion tips and believing that Lister has called for Rimmer to save him before he wets himself.
Mulder and Scully are caught in a real-life Rube Goldberg device as they investigate a man cursed with extremely good luck since he survived a plane crash back in 1989. The man, Henry Weems, insists that he is never unlucky but he finds out that he cannot pass on his good luck to others without severe consequences to their part.
Disgruntled that Abbey has decided that the Bartlets will be spending the Thanksgiving holiday at Camp David instead of New Hampshire, Bartlet takes out his pique by boring everyone within earshot over his plans to cook Thanksgiving dinner, going so far as to call The Butterball Hotline to ask questions about cooking the stuffing.
The travellers are forced to join the caravan of the famous explorer, Marco Polo, in order to survive,, but Polo, fascinated by their claims that the TARDIS can fly through the air, seizes it on behalf of Kublai Khan in the hope that presenting the Khan with such a fabulous gift will convince him to let Polo return home to Venice.
The new Terrance and Phillip movie is coming out and the boys can't wait to see it! Excited to catch a first look of the new Terrance and Phillip movie, the boys make like Cartman and sit their butts in front of the TV to catch the trailer during a commercial break on the long running series, Russell Crowe, Fighting Around the World.
Hawkeye records a letter to his dad, detailing the exploits of a mad Turkish soldier who calls Hawkeye a damn good Joe, the unfortunate loss of the corpse of a Luxembourg soldier named Lt Henri-Batiste LeClerc, who turns out not to be dead, and a gun-happy soldier who demands that his wounded friend be treated ahead of other patients.
Josh is anguished when he realizes that his successful trade negotiation skills managed to create the opportunity for a computer company to move 17,000 jobs to India, which means that the administration can't deliver on the promises he and Jed made to the head of the communications workers union during Jed's first presidential campaign.
After a driverless car runs down Charles Woodley, who is in Cabot Cove looking up a former employee who happens to be Jessica's friend, Jessica tries to help Daniel O'Brien prove that he wasn't connected to Woodley's near-fatal accident, or the death of Woodley's partner, Dean Merrill, who had also come to Cabot Cove at Woodley's request.
C.J. has an intensely personal reason for leading the charge when Hoynes decides to rehab his image in a bid for the presidency by slandering Jed and Leo in a tell-all biography, and uses both her charm to get the information she needs to mount a counterattack, and her ferocity to deliver the smackdown that will stop Hoynes in his tracks.
Jessica agrees to a series of lectures at a Seattle university as a favor to an old friend, Edmund Gerard, and soon finds herself mixed up in a murder mystery after David Tolliver, the young man that she hires to work as her secretary while she's there, is accused of having killed Allison Brevard, an older woman who had given David money.
Holly notices a pod floating in space and Rimmer orders that it be salvaged, convinced that it is an artifact which contains alien life forms, even though Lister immediately realises that it is, in fact, a Red Dwarf Garbage Pod, jettisoned from the waste disposal unit much earlier, The Red is retracing its steps to get back home, you may recall.
Jessica decides to investigate Alice's certainty that Jordan Barnett killed her mother, but when Barnett himself turns up dead, Jessica is left with no suspects but a sneaking suspicion that the two murders are connected as she wades through a complicated web involving a manipulative psychiatrist, a greedy step-brother, and a missing step-father.
He tries meeting a couple of them, but each new friend ends up getting arrested by the FBI. He goes to Mephesto to create a mature friend for him, but Mephesto instead recommends that he attend his local chapter of NAMBLA. Cartman shows up at a hotel hosting a convention for the North American Man-Boy Love Association, and he is invited to be their poster boy.
Trying to take his companions to Mars, the Doctor instead ends up on the Moon in the year 2070. Earth's weather is controlled by means of gravity waves directed from an internationally-run Moonbase, but the staff of the Moonbase are suffering from a mysterious outbreak of plague, and moments after the Doctor and his friends enter the entire Moonbase is placed under quarantine.
The TARDIS materialises in what the Doctor claims is a time of great peace and prosperity, but if the Elders of the city are so wise and powerful why do savages still live in the wilderness outside the city walls? And why do the people of the city apparently hunt and harvest the savages? The Doctor learns that all of the Elders' great achievements are based on a terrible form of exploitation.
It's Valentine's Day in the ER. However it proves to be a tough day when Chen and Malucci clash over the treatment of a patient, the parents of two young children die in a car accident, Lucy and Carter treat a law student who she believes may have mental problems, Romano and Elizabeth operate, on his dog, and Abby learns that not all ER cases have happy endings when she treats a dying elderly woman.
A female construction worker-who also happens to be an ex-con AND an old friend of Alex's-finds herself and her family in great danger from the site foreman who fired her for threatening to blow the whistle on his numerous safety violations, and when she files suit against the company owner, he plans to do anything to silence her to prevent the company owner from finding out about his illegal money-making scam.
Jessica Fletcher, a retired schoolteacher from Cabot Cove, Maine, is shocked to find out that not only did her nephew send her manuscript to a publisher, but it's been accepted! Rushed to New York, Jessica is caught up in a whirlwind of publicity tours, book signings, and public appearances, but everything takes a turn when she attends a costume party in New Holvang and a private investigator dressed as Sherlock Holmes ends up facedown in the pool, shot.
Woody and Kelly's wedding faces some funny obstacles, before and during the ceremony, including Sam's flirtation with a German guest who turns out to be married, the priest dying and Kelly's Uncle Roger having to perform the ceremony, but only if he is drunk, Rebecca having to ice the cake after insulting the kitchen staff, and Lilith having to sing to the guests in order to stop them, and Woody and Kelly, from finding out the disasters going on behind the scenes.
Recurring guest stars include LILY TOMLIN as Deborah Fiderer, TERI POLO as Helen Santos, MARLEE MATLIN as Joey Lucas, MARY-LOUISE PARKER as Amy Gardner, GARY COLE as Vice President Robert Russell, TIM MATHESON as John Hoynes, TIMOTHY BUSFIELD as Danny Concanon, EMILY PROCTOR as Ainsley Hayes, ELISABETH MOSS as Zoey Bartlet, NINA SIEMASZKO as Ellie Bartlet Faison, ANNABETH GISH as Elizabeth Bartlet Westin, KATHLEEN YORK as Andrea Wyatt and ANNA DEAVERE SMITH as Nancy McNally.
He follows the Cat deep into the hold of the ship and finds that Cat is not, in fact, alone,, that there is a single remaining Cat Priest who is dying with the belief that he hasn't lived up to the expectations of the almighty Cloister, God aka Lister . Lister convinces him that he has lived admirably as a priest so that he can die in peace and Lister comes to the conclusion that having religion is not as good as people believe, since the Cat species all perished trying to honor theirs.
A riotous episode in which Hawkeye will do anything to get a new pair of boots, In order to get Zale to get him some, he must get an appointment for Zale with Futterman, the camp dentist, who will only do it if Henry will give him a pass to Tokyo, and Henry will only grant the pass if Houlihan will get off his back, which she will do only if the guys throw a party for Frank's birthday, with a cake, and Radar will only help get the cake if he gets a date with Nurse Murphy, who will only date someone with a hair dryer, and Klinger won't give up the hair dryer unless he gets a section 8, and Frank won't sign.
